This is nothing new; letting an optimizing compiler do the heavy lifting has been the general-case recommendation for a long time now. But there are still circumstances where it's necessary to write assembly, particularly in things like real-time programming. Doesn't matter how good a job the compiler did on the overall program, if you can afford 16 cycles on an inner loop and the compiler spits out 24 then you've gotta hand-tune it. Going to take a wild guess that this is "Begin, A Tactical Starship Simulation" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Begin_%28video_game%29 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNdDROtrPcQ&feature=kp Pretty neatly conveys the feelings on this topic. It's impressive how many words and charts a government agency needs to use to say "listen to the dreamers once in a while". Frankly not a very self-critical piece. It's pretty obvious why a lot of ideas get squashed - the CIA is at the core a political organization like any other, there's things that the leaders want to hear and things they don't. You don't need a big chart and buzzwords ("hedgehog/groundhog/brown fox/red fox"), you need institutional reform and de-politicization. Unlimited free energy means we eventually global-warm our planet through waste heat. Works out at about 10% the potency of greenhouse gasses per MW. I get a little bit of heartburn over running arbitrary scripts downloaded from internet websites. The easiest alternative is to run "curl ", download the script, take a peek at the source, and only THEN follow up with the sh. I mean, you're probably going to see a bunch of "download and install" commands, so you don't get much reassurance if you're worried that one of THOSE might be compromised too. But that's a problem inherent to unsigned internet installer scripts. At least you've somewhat mitigated the possibility that it's dumping your private SSH key to a server somewhere or some other blatantly malicious command. On the other hand, the script might also include appropriate SHA1 verification commands, or be setting up a repository in a package manager, in which case it's pretty reasonable to trust the script. Well, the Unix approach to this is a sandbox application and a shell application, not a sandboxed shell application. Docker attempts many of those tasks. On windows there's Sandboxie, which does more or less what you want as well. It creates a sandbox whose filesystem and internals can be modified by sandboxed applications without affecting the state of the REAL filesystem. Very nice utility for mitigating bad programming - I often use it to run multiple copies of applications that crash or refuse to launch multiple instances. I have not used the other two for comparison, but Paint.Net is my go-to recommendation for casual graphics editing. It's not Photoshop or Illustrator, of course, but all the features you need for basic photo adjustments and light-duty layout type stuff. At a glance, Krita looks pretty nice for doing artworks from scratch. The government isn't responsible for utilities tending towards monopoly - it's a natural outcome of any market with small unit costs and high barriers to entry. For a self-proclaimed libertarian, you're ignoring a very basic tendency of market systems. Natural monopolies are Econ 100 level stuff, and utilities are the textbook example. As a working definition, a piece of hardware really isn't useful if another piece of hardware will do the same task better, at a lower cost. You can run a low-power PC and check your email like it's 1980 just fine, and these days they're VERY cheap. A $30 5W Raspberry Pi is more than capable of running 'mail' on the command line. For a bit more power, quad-core 1.6ghz ARM SOCs are about $60-70. For fileserver type stuff, a 15W Liva with a Baytrail-M can be had for $115, or you can build out a full quad-core mini-ITX for something like $175. The reduced power usage very quickly amortizes the cost of the hardware. If you would save 200W by retiring a dinosaur - that's $17.28 per month of 24/7 usage. If you've got a Rpi on for 4 hours per day checking your email - it amortizes out within 10 months. This totally ignores the additional headaches associated with old, failing, unsupported hardware. You yourself described it as a "sinister amount of maintenance and stress". You can make a philosophical argument here that a piece of hardware is never truly dead if it'll still push bits, but be honest here - if you're running up your power bill to avoid spending $100 on new hardware, if you're putting up with a PITA system for the heck of it - it's not useful , it's your hobby . Hobbies are fun, I think it's fun to keep old gear going too, but be realistic about the merits of such activities. Right, but the traditional core ecosystem tools have pretty poor performance (long deploys, etc). Point is there is something there that "needs to be fixed". There are tools that do that, but those are hard sells in an enterprise environment for a lot of reasons. Businesses tend to be wary of building long-term solutions in flavor-of-the-week frameworks/environments/etc. Even when it's just a dev tool, even assuming that the tool behaves exactly like a real production environment, there's overhead to throwing away your workflow that Just Works and getting everyone used to something new. And developer culture right now is that there's a new must-have "Hottest Tool/Framework/Library That Will PUMP UP YOUR PRODUCTIVITY!" every couple months. And rightly or wrongly those tools are often a hard sell to management when there's ongoing costs - we can't get funding for a JIRA server let alone JRebel. Yes, the time it saves me would be worth more than $1.50 per work-day, but that's often not how managers look at it. Nope, legacy code base. FORTRAN. My usual trick is to drink a couple big glasses of water right before you you to sleep. You'll be ready to hop out of bed and empty your bladder bright and early. My understanding is that particular trick dates back to the Native Americans at a minimum. He's absolutely right, and people don't understand the level of "skilled work" that will be replaced by computers. I write clinical decision support tools, and I interview users (doctors). Nowdays, doctors really just want algorithms to follow. They want to know what the fastest/cheapest way to diagnose problems is. Frankly, they aren't particularly GOOD at diagnosing problems outside of these kinds of algorithms - for example, a likely cause of many Morgellons' disease cases is actually tropical rat mite (see Nick Mann http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/8626767/Morgellons-Disease... ). Doctors tend to diagnose delusional parasitosis just because it doesn't fit the algorithms. If doctors are just going to follow a basic set of diagnostic procedures, we can easily automate that using the data that are put into modern electronic health record (EHR) systems. We have your vitals, we know the tests that have been done and the outcomes, and so on. As one (very blunt) doctor expressed to me, doctors just want to follow the diagnosis algorithm, he paid $100k to be a data entry technician, and I think that was pretty much on the money. That's not the only time I've heard that, either. If doctors are going to be replaced, there's not much that CAN'T. It's just a question of designing a program/robot for the particular task, which is becoming increasingly cheap. Do I think that 100% of Morgellons' sufferers have a medically explainable cause? Nope, there's hypochondriacs everywhere. Do I think that doctors are way too eager to dismiss diagnoses that don't fit their criteria? Yup. I have a sister who has an absolutely zebra diagnosis (astroblastoma tumor, I write Clinical Decision Support tools for a living, for a high-level nonprofit. Our content providers suck ASS. Do I worry that I might be contributing to inappropriate diagnoses/non-diagnoses? Yes, it's a thing I bear in mind every day, every meeting, and I have gone to bat to improve. No - as stated, I have jumped to "there are many cases that aren't covered by generic diagnostic algorithms", and the doctors I'm interviewing who are espousing "I want to be a data entry technician" type philosophies. Independent of the examples, that's a worrying philosophy. I write the tools for this - in theory, I assume the liability when Shit Doesn't Work - not that we don't do our best to push this off to Other Organizations With Medical Expertise. I don't know if it's quite a "flag day", but Microsoft is definitely going to make some breaking changes soon in .Net 5.0. The particular one I'm watching for is lambda closures. Currently it's close-on-reference rather than close-on-value, even on value-type objects . This leads to some really counterintuitive behavior in certain situations. Breaking changes are perfectly fine as long as you keep supporting legacy runtimes. That's why we have major framework versions (eg Java 7/8, .Net 4.5/5.0, etc). Very cool - I've been waiting for someone to figure out GPU computing on the Rpi for a while now. This is potentially a very substantial increase in available processing power. I don't see performance numbers there - could someone with a Pi please run the FFT and compare against a CPU implementation? I wonder how similar the Mali design would be. Obviously the technical details will be different, but would it be similar in broad strokes? Most Rpi-alikes have Mali 400s or 450s. This post seems to imply that there is a single "market salary" for programmers. That's not really the case anywhere - a green intern doing web programming is never going to have an equal salary to a greybeard doing consulting in esoteric niche areas (eg COBOL in banking systems). There's always diminishing returns for superstar talent in any field - a Fortune 25 CEO gets paid how much more than a manager at Wendy's? The collusion between the big tech companies to drive down salaries for top personnel strongly suggests that the market salary for these people is actually higher than what they're currently paid. They're grade-A talent in a hot field, the fact that their salaries are high doesn't mean they're above-market. Actually it's not - the FCC definition is extremely broad, it simply states: "No person shall willfully or maliciously interfere with or cause interference to any radio communications of any station licensed or authorized by or under this Act[.]" [1] And in fact their explanation specifically states that jammers "prevent targeted devices from establishing or maintaining a connection". [2] To put the same actions in a different context - if two radio amateurs are trying to communicate over a digital mode and I broadcast "disconnect" packets to shut them down, I am clearly jamming their communications. The fact that this jamming occurs on the 2.4GHz band instead of the 20-meter band is irrelevant. What it comes down to - your laptop wifi is a device licensed by the FCC for radio operation, two parties (you and the router) are communicating, and a smart jammer interferes with these communications. As for your DDOS example - jamming is usually used in the context of the low-level layers of the OSI model, not the application layer. However, there are analogous actions that would be actionable in amateur radio. If you get a dozen of your buddies to deliberately pile-up on someone's CQ/QRZ without actually trying to communicate, you can bet the FCC's gonna look at that as de facto jamming too. You can get away with a lot as long as you do it on private wires - but when you get public airwaves involved then an additional set of much stricter rules apply. [1] http://www.fcc.gov/document/fcc-proposes-29k-fine-employer-j... [2] http://www.fcc.gov/document/consumer-alert-using-or-importin... Sure. K1MAN made communications that would probably have been legal if they didn't cause willful interference: In support of its motion for summary judgment on the monetary forfeiture, the Government presented FCC transcripts of recordings made on November 27, 2004, December 8, 2004, and March 31, 2005 that it alleges show K1MAN beginning to transmit on top of existing communications by other users. [...] The Government also provided the declarations of several FCC personnel who monitored and observed interference between K1MAN and other amateur operators. [...] [1] Chief US District Judge John A. Woodcock Jr, in writing for the Court, agreed with the FCC on the first two counts -- willful or repeated failure to respond to FCC requests for information, and willful or malicious interference -- and granted summary judgments to the FCC in the amount of $3000 and $7000, respectively. [2] As for more targeted attacks, see the Notices of Apparently Liability for KZ8O [3] and K3VR [4]. Once public airwaves are involved (as opposed to wires) you're on the FCC's turf, and the FCC takes radio communications VERY seriously. [1] http://www.arrl.org/files/media/News/Baxter_Summary_Judgment... [2] http://www.arrl.org/news/us-district-court-for-maine-issues-... [3] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... [4] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... Dell P2210 emits a tone. Motorola Moto G phone does not. There's a working theory in the Github explanation. White and black pixels take different amounts of power to draw. As the screen scans up and down to draw the various rows, it thus has to rapidly charge and discharge the capacitors. The capacitors are expanding and contracting a bit as they do so, which vibrates the air and makes a tone. Frankly this sounds like an awesome way to blow up those capacitors. Supermassive black-hole binary? Sounds like some projects I've coded on... /rimshot Yup - "STEM jobs pay well" is just wrong at this point. Neither Science nor Mathematics pays worth a damn, what people actually mean when they say this is "go work in technology or engineering".