NP-complete problems are for sissies. Paul Graham can solve any problem in the Arithmetic Hierarchy in O(1). hear hear because it overlaps almost completely with ruby. And Io, probably. we've been using it for almost a year now, and are pretty ok with it. There are occasional downtimes that are annoying, but as others said, not a big deal. We are also reasonably happy with the simple issue tracker, although it misses some _really_ important features it is ok for our needs (but damn, I'd love attachments). well, rubyspec covers builtin and bundled libraries. Not that this makes ruby-the-language simple, anyway. what is wrong with URI.parse in the stdlib? the articles' re goes out of url validation to get urlish things in free text, (e.g. " lokk at http://goo.com/bat , lovely" the comma would actually be part of a valid url, but the regex tries to detect this. Yet, for url validation ruby's lib is enough, I believe. try URI.regexp('http') :) slashdot style metamoderation FTW! just to point it out, postgres now has a builtin hash data type. This sees like it could be a better solution thatn serialized json http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.4/static/hstore.html IIRC twitter images are served from S3, so probably just a different dns? compete, quantcast and alexa http://siteanalytics.compete.com/twitter.com/ http://www.quantcast.com/twitter.com http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/twitter.com but with all the new deals they got, they are probably going to restart growing soon. And of course there are lies, damn lies and web-statistics-selling companies. I disagree with the premise: there are a lot of elegant logic puzzles (consider: to mock a mockingbird), it's just that a lot of puzzles dod not fall in this category :) I was thinking "eh, just like my brother used to", so I told him the problems and he solved both in about 5 mins (although the first one the same way I did, it seems trivial if you can ybpx gur fnzr fnsr jvgu obgu ybpxf ng gur fnzr gvzr but also seems slightly wrong) reason it is unsatisfactiry (I had the same) is that one of the safe is not used, imo apple and oranges, if the beauty of the problem is in a clean elegant solution that does not require all of the pieces, it is not a well posed riddle, or solution. That's why the solution to the wolf-sheep-cabbage problem is not "just add more floating stuff so you can bring all at once, idiot". The comparison to school and exams, appears unrelated to me: there are situations where external aid kills the point (e.g. calculator for arithemitic in firs grade). wrt value types, shouldn't it be partially solved by escape analisys? Cfr: http://weblogs.java.net/blog/forax/archive/2009/10/06/jdk7-d... not that it would matter much in the case anyway, I guess. I am surprised by the lack of the Brother Metal page, but I'm not sure if it deserves being added or deleted :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cesare_Bonizzi one of the most interesting moments of my 2009 was listening to a guy showing off this http://tafkav.blogspot.com/ and talking about how we do not still consider plants (and computers!) as having rights (cfr. "Should Trees Have Standings?"). This seems completely unreasonable to us but the same was true between e.g. people and animals, europeans and native americans, japanese and chinese (see the nanking massacre). The "evolution of empathy" is probably still an ongoing process for which our descendants will consider us barbarians. yeah, although I wonder what is the reason for "Last modified: January 15, 2010", 30 mins later, no we're not >Twitter gets hacked more often than this. Really? I can remember only twice, in a bout a year, although admittedly I was not paying much attention that woul be true for most non verbal human communications, I'm afraid. My latest experience is with Norwegians, who seem to make an aspirated "uh!" sound for the equivalent of the conversational "mh-mh, keep going". I thought for a while they were perpetually stupefied people. the de beers de facto monopoly is a schoolbook example, e.g. why do they make commercials if they are the only ones seeling something? Because they have to prove that diamonds are actually better than other luxury goods (and also interesting is the fact that their commercials sell diamonds, not de beers diamonds) yes but you can't drive them around. You get yourself a cool car, wherver you go people will see a person in a cool car. You get a nice house only people in your neighborhood will know. I believe it's actually pretty easy in e.g. Preview.app on the mac.