I think there is this big confusion about jobs and money. And that the psychological view is overlooked. We want to feel important. And we want freedom to do whatever we want to do. While automation gives more freedom, it makes us feel less important? What we can do with a washing machine, everyone else can do too. But the question is, do they want to? With more automation we will see more and more services. And even more possibilities. The reason why you understand this better then numbers might be because you are more visual orientated. The web is for information. It was not made to emulate desktop or mobile applications. That said. Information can mean many things. And there will be hybrids. You can do offline apps in HTML+CSS+JS right now, but it's a PITA: var a = document.createElement("a"); a.appendChild(document.createTextNode("hacker news"); a.setAttribute("href", " https://news.ycombinator.com/ "); If your app contains information, it's best suited for the www. But if it only contains a canvas, it's more suited as a native app. The problem you see is what I like about the language. The javascript languages is great because I'm not forced into other peoples way of thinking. With javascript I can choose my own paradigms. module system: You can implement your own. Node JS has one built in. verbose syntax: Use an editor that support macros. But compared to dot net and Java, the JS syntax is not verbose at all. getters and setters: I actually love not having to to write getters and setters every time I want to add a property. One important part in JS though is good naming. You can't get away with naming everything x, y, z, a, b, c, etc. Once you figure out that everything in JS is objects, it will be much easier. What is happening, but going so slow we do not notice it. Is that the www is merging with the application. What annoys me though, is that we still use "word", "excel" and PDF. Well not me, but everyone else seem to do it. The HTML was a good invention, but too bad so few people use it. Maybe hyper text sounds too old and and maybe a sexier name is all it needs to become popular again. I'd say blame the people that don't want more then 10 Mbit. And think that everyone who has 10+ Mbit only use it for "illegal activities". What's with the Node JS architecture that makes it not suitable for compute-heavy tasks? I'm developing an MMO server in Node JS. So this is welcome in for example Vector calculations. The reason I choose JS is that I can write "dumbed down" code, that just anyone with JS experience can manage. Hopefully, JS will be just as fast as optimized C++ in the near future ... First you will ignore it, then laughs at it ... In Node JS you can spawn child processes. It's also designed to be asynchronous. But what I like about JS is that it doesn't force me into paradigms. And when you run something heavy in Node JS the VM can use many threads. So I think it's weird to say it's single threaded. Aren't all programming languages single threaded then? These losers wouldn't even dare to touch a RL girl. Even though it would be perfectly legal to have sex with someone as young as 16 or even 12 in many countries. So why make their lives any more miserable? Those who abuse girls IRL should burn in hell though. It makes sense so ship an editor with a reader. So that you can communicate both ways, both create and consume. Now we only need a way to share! Does this mean we can run JS on embedded systems / low cost CPU ? That would be awesome. I think what happens with all intermediate or senior programmers is that we start to think about the best solution instead of just getting the job done. Most code we write will either not be used or eventually rewritten anyways. Try Kerbal Space Program. If you do multi line strings you could probably do it in a smarter way. Examples: appendChild instead of innerHTML .html file instead of html inside a .js file. .css file instead of css inside a .js file. It can get very messy if you store "data" inside JS. Especially if you store markup or styling in the JS. The program is probably hooking into the web browser, because you need to start some Origin games (BF 3) via the browser! Yeh, I'm not joking. A similar thing happened for me with Googleupdate.exe it scanned all my hard drives ... They don't do it any more but I still remove googleupdate.exe every time it magically gets installed on my system. What are total human height doing there? And what is it? Btw, US get more tax revenue every year then there are galaxies in the universe ... I failed PC in HS. I'm the only one who took that class that is a computer professional today. These classes only scare people away from computers. It would be far more effective teaching "hacks" and how to find information on the Internet. What is it in hexadecimal? What I think would be a limited factor is the bandwidth: You need at least 35 megabit per second for streaming full HD video+sound ... While most people are stuck on 5 Mbit Internet or 50 GB/month quota. One of the problems with encrypting almost everything, even pictures of your dog, is that it no longer brings suspicion ... And programs like these can send any information without you knowing about it. Encrypted data is not a security protection, it's a security risk! Because you have no idea what information they send. Probably a lot more then they tell you, because there's no way you can find out. A friend of mine lost the left side of his brain ... And he's all right now! This needs to be ported to JavaScript, or at least update the Math library to include Vectors. What many people seem to overlook is that gravity is linked to time (space time)! So instead of the "black hole" being massive, it could be that time is running fast! When astronomers measure the mass of the black hole, they simply measure the acceleration of nearby stars, using newton's formula. They might use fancy words, but the math is very basic. Now, if time ran faster, like if you made the measurements while accidentally having the video speed in fast forward. The stars would accelerate faster, and you would get a higher mass. While multitasking is bad for productivity, most workplaces require multitasking ... Some people even perform better while multi-tasking. So I think it varies a lot from person to person.