Funny, that's exactly how I work with Fortran (2008). And I have Syntastic in Vim nag me every time I save if I made a mistake that the compiler catches. A great advantage over C/C++ is that even on 30 000+ LoC projects split into many files, compiling from clean takes less than 30 seconds. "implicit none", of course. I beg your pardon? I've used valgrind for this purpose on large scientific codes running with MPI on supercomputers. And that works fine. The PETSc team at Argonne National Lab, who write perhaps the most used high-performance parallell linear algebra library in existence in C use valgrind for debugging. Surely those count as non-trivial applications? Yes, I'm convinced that someone is already hacking away at this. Just look at the state of all eBook DRM being currently broken, and that's a much tougher nut to crack (and publishers have much higher financial gains at stake). Also, since no-one else has mentioned it: analog hole. Michelson and Morley called, they want their interferometer back. (In case this is too much of an in-joke: your theory was experimentally proven to be false more than a century ago.) There's this thing called a "jasager" that you might also be interested in looking into. Particularly combined with airdrop-ng. I was a bit shocked when I learned how that particular aspect of 802.11 is implemented. I'm on a similar kind of program in Norway, and I agree with you. Sure there are ups and downs, but most people enjoy and recommend the experience. Also, don't make yourself think from the beginning that those Ivy League guys are so much better. Go out there with the intention to kick their ass; that's the only way you will be able to do so. My project is part of an academia-industry collaboration which is funded by the Norwegian Research Council and by three external companies, and organized by a university. This particular collaboration is small, I'm the only PhD student, but there are many others, some quite big. For the people who prefer to bikeshed around gender issues and don't know their history of programming languages: this is not just a pun on that book, but also on the essay "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal" published in Datamation magazine in 1983. Which is by the way correct in pointing out that Real Men use neither Vi nor Emacs, but TECO. Oh yeah, and Real Man is a gender-neutral title in this context, like "fireman". This setup should be able to do IMSI catching (total hardware cost $750): http://hackaday.com/2014/07/05/a-gsm-base-station-with-softw... Inverted brewing is by far the best, but if you want to stick with the standard method, buying a metal filter helps a lot. Able brewing sells a very good laser-cut stainless steel one. There's a fascinating example in computational studies that partly explains this: if you have people of different groups moving around randomly on a lattice, even a very slight preference (51%/49%) for being next to people in the same group as oneself ends up leading to a self-segregated pattern. EDIT: see e.g http://ccl.northwestern.edu/netlogo/models/Segregation When I started university I had a laptop with a 80 MHz, 8MB memory discrete GPU ;) I believe it was an ATI Rage LT Pro. I've also seen it suggested that the oil price drop is a "stealth" sanction against Russia, but I don't follow the logic. Why do the Saudis want to sanction Russia? Unless one presumes some unspecified quid-pro-quo conspiracy between the US and the Saudis, I don't see it. I thrink driving the volatility up like this slows the investment rate in US shale oil significantly, and that's what the Saudis are doing. There was a discussion of this a few weeks ago on the mailinglist of a scientific software project I use. The people were very clearly divided into the "Flash does it, so it's ok" and "omg no, think of the user privacy" camps, it was quite interesting. That's a good point actually. It fits with the principle of least confusion. (The software I mentioned is a command line tool/library.) Funny story: two years ago, back when anything electronic was banned during takeoff/landing, I was flying to Svalbard. If you don't know it, it's a very beautiful, very cold island north of Norway. During final approach, the sunset was so beautiful that the flight attendants went "ah, screw it" and turned on their phones to take pictures. Naturally everyone else did as well. It's also noteworthy that an apocalyptic or post-apocalyptic setting is vastly easier to write well than a modern technological society. Just the benefits of being able to limit the number of characters interacting to ~ 10 in a plausible way are huge. Unless you're envisioning spacecraft with literally hundreds of astronauts, the first will be anything but easy to solve. Doesn't help having an awesome spaceship if everyone on board goes batshit crazy after six months. RStudio is bringing org-mode to those of us who don't (know|want to learn) emacs. I like it a lot. I, for one, think it's awfully naive to think that all collection of information by the intelligence community is an outrage. Authorities collecting information has been going on for about as long as our species has had language. I guess we had a pretty good history teacher. She drilled into our minds that any important historical event usually had an underlying cause, a corroborating cause and a triggering cause (and often more than one of each category). So for instance on WWI, we learnt not only about Archduke Ferdinand and the Serbian "Black Hand" movement, but also about the geopolitical frictions that already existed between Austria-Hungary and Russia over the Balkan situation, etc. You joke, but a fellow PhD student on exchange from Pakistan mentioned that one successful professor in his university (having published ~ 400 papers on fluid mechanics) would refuse to take on married PhD students, because their wives would limit their working hours too much. Since a large part of initial Tor development was funded by the US Navy and then DARPA, I think it's a safe bet that the NSA et al. have been doing this ever since the first public release. Nice! There was a different tool in the same category, aptly named "Comcast", featured on HN a few weeks ago: https://github.com/tylertreat/Comcast In the US there are, sadly, big financial interests in keeping the prison population high (the prison industry complex). Couple with what seems to be a very high reluctance towards giving someone who is mentally ill treatment instead of prison, and no real public mental health care, and you get what you get.