Why do you have a hard time with that? Are we some sort of special snowflake? Was life formed all at the same time everywhere? For all we know alien civilisations have been around for a billion years already. I guess the difficulty with this is that we're faced with groups that are actively telling us what to do by ways of advertising. They ask more nicely, and are at times much less obvious, but it's still has a great influence. I'm not even in your country, and honestly, I don't want to live there. Where you see people shouting "freedom" the loudest, I see fear, distrust, and anger. I'm just pointing out that no one is as free as you think you are because you always have influences. But I appreciate your willingness for open thought and reflection. I can't wait to see the first team of 5 separate AI learn to insult each other. It'll be a watershed moment in history when the first vote to kick another AI occurs. Sorry, I don't believe in absolute freedom of speech. In fact I don't believe in anything absolute. But enjoy your black and white world. It appears to be a very angry place where one either lives in a fictional idealized America or North Korea. Me too. I'm just weary of it appealing via marketing to those without the skills to fully understand their choices or to understand that their are being advertised to, like children. That's what I keep telling my amputee friend too - just walk it off. That's what I'm wondering about this whole thing - by what metrics can we test MAGA? I'm beginning to feel like this is Obama 2.0 when it comes to a revolution - in 4 to 8 years we will look back and go "huh, pretty much business as normal". I'm not worried about a random scapegoat, but I do just see this fizzling, and the anger and division being there again in 4 years time. The hard part will be "and here's our alternative!" You think anything can astound the left after last night? Make robots pay taxes! I really don't think one can emphasize the health and life benefits of any sort of full-ish body strength training. I'm a huge proponent of full body movement based barbell training, but exactly like you said, pushups, pullups, that sort of thing makes every aspect of your life better. No one has ever regretted getting even a little bit stronger. I love rowing for conditioning. It's up there with prowler/sled for puke factor if that's what you're going for, and it's great for general cardio if you don't like uncontrollable body tremors. In my country / province (Canada / Alberta), IT workers are considered professionals and as such we are overtime exempt while we in no way qualify as "high earners" compared to a lot of the surrounding vocations - is that the same where you are, or are we just getting a raw deal up here? Yup... I'm in the wrong company. That's the philosophy I try to live by. I always assume that in 5-10 years I'll assume that current me will seem like an idiot. "Just run it off." http://scienceblogs.com/mixingmemory/2006/10/21/if-i-dont-re... Amnesiacs who ate a big lunch could eat another large lunch after they forgot the first one. Not perfect, but it helps indicate a leaning towards hunger, satiety, and the mind. I know for myself it really changed how I felt when I made the move to barbell training. Heavy compound lifts require a sort of zen-like focus that really clears my mind and re-centers me. I can't tell you the number of times I've walked out of the gym with my mood having done a complete 180 from when I walked in. > Good article but in essence, it only works for freelancers, especially the 20 something kind who programs or designs and interacts with his customer through skype. That's exactly my thoughts. I provide analysis & design work for government - even the fact that I'm an early riser is an issue, as leaving the office that 1-2 hours before the government mandated 4:30 end time causes them to be partially without the instant support and feedback they expect. Life, uh, finds a way. I guess the theory is you can't be too poor to gamble? That's my struggle with this - it feels like living in constant fear of something going awry and a bout of extreme anxiety every 6-12 months. I'll take my impostor syndrome and constant medium-high anxiety thank you very much. I need to figure out a way to bill for time I've spent thinking about the problem rather than the time my butt was in the seat. I made that mistake as well. Did what people were telling me to do and it got me nowhere. Got a useless university degree in something I liked because I thought having a degree would help, and was told by everyone that I was too "gifted" not to get one. Found out it just makes you super pretentious at retail jobs while you struggle to pay off the debt. I managed to pay that debt off, and 5 years ago I figured out what I should actually do, went back to school yet again, and again I've spent the last 3 years again paying off the exact average amount of student loan debt in a job that seems to pay about $100k less than what the valley pays. Just payed off the last of my student debt in one big lump sum on Sunday. I was super aggressive paying off my loans and I'm so very thankful they are done. Now in my mid 30's, used to living like a pauper but entirely debt free, and I can finally start putting my money towards things that matter. I really wish I'd gotten good advice about where I should probably head a decade and a half ago, when I still had savings and a larger support network. I would have only had to go through this once, though I know I'm one of the lucky ones in that I've been able to pay it off at all. I'm not against student debt in general, schools unfortunately cost money, I just wish the guidance counselors talked about the ROI of particular degrees and pushed the trades and technical colleges harder. My ability to talk about the socioeconomic results of the black plague doesn't enhance my employability. Thankfully I figured out that SQL, Python, and C# does on my own.