This has to do with a series of 4chan posts under "anon works IT" https://imgur.com/gallery/B9wqU They do. Recently applied for a position I am somewhat qualified for (all the right resume keywords and x years of experience). Recruiter calls me in for an interview only to tell me the 'client' wants someone with a degree. Degrees are nice to have for getting past bureaucracy. However,I still maintain for IT an programming jobs,the time and financial investment is largely a waste. Identity based encryption. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ID-based_encryption "Identity-based systems allow any party to generate a public key from a known identity value such as an ASCII string. A trusted third party, called the Private Key Generator (PKG), generates the corresponding private keys...." I think it's innovative and a bit of "thinking outside the box". You do need to ultimately trust a 3rd party (same as in PKI or WOT I guess?). This. I live this everyday and they talk about it in terms of "insider threat" and "user behavior analytics". Yes , every last thing you do at work is being monitored and analyzed. You see,I am at a point where I wish it stopped at work. $work these days spies on your off work activities as well. Essentially making you their slave. If you don't experience this,then maybe your company isn't big enough to afford it(or if it is,please tell me more about this wonderful company that let's you do your job without 24/7 surveillance) EDIT:Just search for " user behavior analytics".Orwell would be impressed You can use those APIs but AV and dynamic sandbox analysis solutions look for samples that make decisions based on the return value of those functions. [flagged] I may have gone too far with the trumpist remark,I just saw a close paralell. I did not mean you were one. Anyways,you tried to make the story about the media,how this article is some sort of retribution. Yes I went too far there,I did not intend it as an insult,I only attempted to draw a parallel. Sorry. A person shouldn't have to prove they're not fake,the person making the accusation needs to backup his statement with proof(not speculation). Obviously,there is no reason to even give ear to accusations against her. But,I do have something against using your sex appeal and good looks to get more views,support,etc... A woman wearing skimpy dress,cleavage or breast accentuating(?) Top is just as inappropriate as a topless muscular guy wearing only a speedo and his privates bulging out while making similar tech videos. There are times and places to display what an awesome body you have and how sexy you are(for any gender) That being said,this slander,gossip and spreading false rumors is a terrible thing. Even if she was a "fake" it would still be an unethical and inappropriate response. Frankly,I think the people spreading the rumors are displaying nothing more than their own insecurity. Yeah, I don't have a problem with women in tech at all. They shouldn't have to sexualize themselves for success. Plenty of smart women (including likely the subject of the article) where their work is more than enough to compete with any man's work. As a user,I am most offended by ads that target me. I would rather see a completely unrelatable ad. It feels like learning new information that way,as opposed to being stalked and preyed upon. I don't know how much research has been done on the subject,but personally I don't mind ads in general,I mind ads that target (stalk) me and intrusive ads. I can tolerate ads that target the page content or random ads just fine. In any military force,turning your weapon against your own people is worse than being a traitor,running from battle in cowardice or surrendering to the enemy. Their continued attack(yes,using malware and implants against someone is an attack) against their own people is in my opinion completely shameful and unpatriotic. As someone who has no intention of breaking any law or of harming the united states,it is simply not ok for me to have to include my government as part of any threat model or as a potential attacker. I have been wondering why that isn't done more often myself. I mean,it isn't like tv ads didn't work. Their soldiers shot their own people and received rewards? I find that hard to believe. Or did you mean computer attacks? In communist and authoritarian nations, monitoring what the people are doing is normal(to account for potential dissent),but they would also shoot/imprison their own people over political dissent. Maybe the U.S. is no better than those nations. Still doesn't make it right. If a soldier does not protect his people and their rights then he becomes nothing more than a henchman for politicians - worse than a traitor. I guess that qualifies and makes a good example of an unpatriotic soldier blindly obeying orders. It doesn't,but since I learned about this person,I commented on this aspect of the story. Technical work should be judged on technical merits. Being called fake because of your appearance is unfair and so is marketing technical work using your appearance. My objection was towards unfair abuse of someones appearance whether by the subject of the story or by her accusers. > Most VPN software, frankly, is awful. Using a VPN feels like a backward step to the dial up era of obscure error messages, slow downs, and clunky software. It really doesn’t have to be that way. Ugh...interesting analogy. Personally, I prefer my "dial up era" wireguard or openvpn over a "modern era" service that aims to be a gate-keeper of internet content delivery. CF always tries to interact with the browser/application. Still trying to cope with "Alphabet inc" tracking users cross device and apppication. I Would rather see reduced performance if it means one less corporate middleman. That said,I would have no problem with Neumob or any CF service if all application traffic used browser(or app) to real-server end to end encryption and CF did not store cookies and did not run js. After all,CDN services like akamai,fastly and cloudfront manage to operate just fine without being intrusive like CF. Not true,sure I would prefer programming related ads but I still want it page-relevant and not based on my browsing history,habits or sensor data. Is there really no legal option to stop this? Can't users who don't use facebook file a restraining order? Just like ipv6 they are over complicating things that need simplification. End to end encryption and chat room backlog would be nice. DCC and CTCP need to go away. A simpler protocol that does more with less would in my opinion be optimal. You are right. My comment was more towards the ircv3 wg. It's a made up term. Titles are suppose to be specific. I made a nice dinner yesterday myself. Guess I'm a maker too(no recipe used,original as well!) Since they are using "maker" to describe persons that are engineering electronics related work,why not just call themselves "electronics engineer"? Edit: seems I stepped on toes with my comment,I don't know how else to react to a term like "maker". Could have been less sarcastic but I'll eat up the downvotes and maintain what small amount of common sense I have. Glad he apologized and offered to right what he wronged. I hope Naomi accepts the apology as well. That said,unless you were personally wronged by this man,please let it go and consider this whole drama history. I wish either party didn't make this about a struggle between genders and classes. Guy acted like a jerk and apologized,something any one of us can do(regardless of gender,skin color or nationality) When you describe what you do with a term (made up or not),that term should at the very least give your audience some idea of what you do. Everyone is a maker. The point of a language is to communicate information,not to obscure it. Would it be a proper use of language if a programmer called himself a "writer"? After all he is writing. "programmer" or "software developer" is used to distinguish what type of writing he/she works with for a living. Sorry if that offended you,but from my perspective,it just does not communicate the nature of their work efficiently.