Quora to the rescue: http://www.quora.com/Twitter-Inc-company/Why-does-Twitter-ne... For real! These guys are masters of the universe. Obviously they couldn't massively overvaluate something. Does giving away half your startup for $1,000 in writing count? 1) I believe your "top 5 highest taxing states" is inaccurate. In 2000, at least, California ranked 19th in combined state + local tax burden according to the U.S. Census Bureau, which is decidedly middle of the pack. Pretending like we're the most highly taxed state in the country is deceptive and gives the impression that good governance (well, bad in our case) comes for free. Note that though the ranking of 19th does factor in our larger economy, it doesn't account for the reality that more highly advanced economies require a better trained and more specialized bureaucracy. So just as we shouldn't be surprised when Sweden has a better compensated civil service than Namibia, all things being equal we should expect for California government to account for a larger portion of the economy than Mississippi's or Oklahoma's, instead of being in the middle of the pack. 2) The Economist is left-leaning? Heh. 3) Most technocrats, be they left or right, absolutely hate the 40% rule as well. As a Democrat, I'd gladly trade a repeal of Prop 98 for a repeal of Prop 13. Hell, I'd repeal Prop 98 just on its own. Government by ballot box is terrible. Imagine a world where California were 4 or 5 separate states. Mendocino to Santa Cruz, including the Bay Area, as one; LA and Ventura as another; San Diego and the Inland Empire as a third; Central Valley, Shasta, etc. as the 4th. Probably would improve governance, as the Republican Party we deal with in the Bay Area would offer people like Tom Campbell instead of Prop 8 NOMers. In state level taxation. State and local taxation and spending, however, are highly coupled, and looking at state level taxation in isolation can be misleading. Especially in the case of California, where local property tax rates were made artificially low, and as a result state income tax and sales tax artificially high. As far as sociology or expose goes, the article is uninteresting. What, a giant corporation uses every legal means at its disposal to make sure it gets only good PR? What, there exist serious race and class disparities in the United States that manifest themselves in the workplace? What, Google has a good PR department that doesn't reflect actual internal practices? Quelle horreur! What's more interesting from a sociological perspective is the range of most of the reactions here on Hacker News, which seem to vary between "he doesn't understand that this is just how things work" to brick shitting freak out ("passive aggressive", "nitwit", "see a psychologist"). If you find yourself immediately jumping into defense mechanisms, stop for a second and think about why that is. I've found that turning off Firebug significantly improves Firefox's performance. Have others had this experience? Well, there are a couple different possibilities here. One would be for him to buy things for himself--this would shift consumption to luxury goods. Another would be to give them to his workers, which shifts consumption to everyday essentials (and, increasingly, middle class goods). What he's done is shift money toward capital investment, which shifts consumption C from the present to (1+x)C consumption sometime in the future. I'm not sure that's a bad thing--it's all about the time discount rate you're using in evaluating the value of economic decisions. Whose consumption is also relevant here, but a century from now the benefits of his forsaking consumption will be fairly diffused. Is this true, though? The unstated assumption appears to be that doing any single thing can be highly parallelized and the window of opportunity is infinite. But reality is rarely that kind. (1) Some things take 40 years of consistent mid-level effort. Even if you could quadruple your effort on it, it wouldn't get you there in 10 years. Building a family, for instance. (2) The chronological window. We live in a unique time in history (as have people in every other time). It's an incredible time to be a web developer, for instance. Ten years from now I doubt there will be as many opportunities. In the 1950's, you had amazing opportunities at being a worker in heavy industry; in the 1960's you could play a valorized role in the space race. Nowadays neither is an option. (3) Age window. Different ages lend themselves to different things. Sure, people in their sixties can run a marathon, but it's a hell of a lot easier to do it in your twenties. And unfortunately many of the things we might want to do are early on in life--people's career paths are fairly set by 30, and we've passed our physical peaks by 30. These aren't hard and fast rules, but they're both very real tendencies that you've got to account for in managing your life plans. (4) Some things actively conflict in more than just competing for your time and dedication. It's impossible to have an undergraduate experience that is both set in a large Southern state university centered around sports and a small private liberal arts college in New England. Multitasking to the point of constant stress can lead only to disaster, of course. The solution isn't to pretend that you'll eventually get to do everything you want but instead to choose carefully what you want most and then do it well. This is a good opportunity to show off the (fake) Haskell quicksort: qsort :: (Ord a Bool) => [a] -> [a] qsort [] = [] qsort (x:xs) = qsort (filter ( x) xs) Not 61 characters, but it has the added benefit of being comprehensible! I'm curious (genuine question): we know that if we dropped the Earth into the Sun, the climate would change substantially. And yet this is a prediction about gross properties of a chaotic system that no one would dispute. How does your point of view account for this prediction from physics versus predictions of greater CO2 concentrations causing an increased greenhouse effect, which also derives from physics? Is it simply the margins of error for different parameters? "World temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 °C (2.0 and 11.5 °F) during the 21st century" IPCC So, "one degree per century" is accurate if (a) you clarify you mean Celsius, not Farenheit and (b) you're saying the minimum increase, while also noting the maximum increase could be six times as high. The Maunder minimum argument has been around awhile. A useful counterbalance from NASA 2008: http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/2008/ -------------------------- "Solar irradiance: The solar output remains low (Fig. 4), at the lowest level in the period since satellite measurements began in the late 1970s, and the time since the prior solar minimum is already 12 years, two years longer than the prior two cycles. This has led some people to speculate that we may be entering a "Maunder Minimum" situation, a period of reduced irradiance that could last for decades. Most solar physicists expect the irradiance to begin to pick up in the next several months — there are indications, from the polarity of the few recent sunspots, that the new cycle is beginning. However, let's assume that the solar irradiance does not recover. In that case, the negative forcing, relative to the mean solar irradiance is equivalent to seven years of CO2 increase at current growth rates. So do not look for a new "Little Ice Age" in any case. Assuming that the solar irradiance begins to recover this year, as expected, there is still some effect on the likelihood of a near-term global temperature record due to the unusually prolonged solar minimum. Because of the large thermal inertia of the ocean, the surface temperature response to the 10-12 year solar cycle lags the irradiance variation by 1-2 years. Thus, relative to the mean, i.e, the hypothetical case in which the sun had a constant average irradiance, actual solar irradiance will continue to provide a negative anomaly for the next 2-3 years." -------------------------- That said, if a Maunder minimum does somehow manage to give us a couple extra decades to get our house in order (before the subsequent recovery of solar activity), that's a godsend. Let's hope it pans out. True. But if lucky happenstance lets us be where we are now in 2060 instead of current predictions, that's still a net win--we'll be a significantly richer world then with more resources and technology to adapt to climate change. On the other side of things, the ability of CO2 to contribute to the greenhouse effect may well be saturated by then, just counteracted by the solar cycle. Which would leave us in the place where we're at the mercy of sunspots (which have no control over) and our ability to actively remove CO2 from the atmosphere (which we may or may not have control over). Not so good. Let's say we could kick it down the road 50 years--I don't believe a mini-Ice Age is coming either, and even if it is NASA for one expects it to counteract only around seven years of carbon emissions. So this is all a bunch of pointless hypotheticals. But bear with me. 50 years from now, assuming around 2% annual global growth (a conservative guess), the world will be over two and a half times richer than it is now. We'll have had 50 years of technological advancement. Given that right now the biggest roadblocks to dealing with climate change are (a) the very real costs of mitigation and (b) the lack of technological ability to cost effectively generate carbon-free energy and remove CO2 from the atmosphere, there's a decent case on the face of it that we'd be more able to deal with it, notwithstanding the couple hundred extra ppm of CO2 we'd have to worry about. Part of my motivation is also that I'm increasingly pessimistic about us getting our shit in order in the present day. The current radically corporatist administration in the USA gives only lip service to the problem, and the opposition... well, the less said about the opposition, the better. So if the hand we're dealt is that we have to deal with climate change in the present, we're pretty much fucked. Kicking it down the road would at least offer some hope. Thanks for the thoughtful writeup. But I don't get specifically how this doesn't prove too much--even though climate is a complex system, we know (right?) that throwing it into the center of the sun would increase mean global temperatures. But if I said that chaos and information theoretic arguments prevent us from making any predictions, I'd rightly be laughed off the stage. What is the differentiating factor that makes those arguments apply to models looking at CO2 concentrations as exogenous forcers but not being-in-the-center-of-the-sun? I've been hearing this a lot. Is there any evidence at all, though, that it's a false flag operation? So far as I can tell, the argument is implicitly "It's impossible for anyone in the world to be anywhere near as stupid as LulzSec appears to be, so it has to be a government plant." Unfortunately, that runs afoul of the maxim to never underestimate the depths of human stupidity... Or is this more said in jest, a way of just pointing out that the script kiddies behind LulzSec are really, really stupid and doing something that threatens to undermine a free and open Internet? I don't doubt that most .NET/PHP programmers don't give a crap about security. Is this any different from RoR or Django, though? By the same token, any problem that can be solved in javascript can also be solved in CSS3+HTML or brainfuck. ...time to get to work on that framework... No, no, a thousand times no. It's not "reproducing a work at a lower quality." That would imply that the artist was trying to copy the original but could only get those dang pixels because all he had was a 1980s era computer and couldn't do any better. That's clearly not the case. It's a different work of art inspired by the original, meant to evoke it but clearly apart in purpose, aim, and audience. It's like saying that "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies" was a poor attempt at copying "Pride and Prejudice." Whoah, check out the distribution of the leading digit in binary! Shortages are a sign of a flawed market. What needs to be done is something similar to the radio spectrum; require a regular bidding process on a given domain (or, more likely, the set of domains that are in-demand). Squatting becomes a less desirable business when you've got to pay $100/year for an in-demand domain. Depends on what you mean. A healthy 40 year old has more stamina and well-being than an obese 30 year old. So at least in one way, you actually are extending your 20s, and your 30s, and your 40s, and your... I'm playing around with the trial. Some thoughts: 1) Extremely slick interface. Facebook beat MySpace in part because it was relatively clean; Google+ wins here by a mile. That reason alone makes me root for it. 2) It's Google's umpteenth foray into the social arena, so naturally most people are comparing it to Facebook. But its use cases strike me as being more comparable to Twitter than FB. 3) People can be categorized into contexts and multiple contexts. This is the killer feature. I find myself wanting to just eliminate the "Friends" circle wholesale and just have a different circle for each cluster in my social network. 4) I might be misunderstanding how sharing/the feed works. But, if someone is in any circle and you are viewing that circle's stream, I think you see whatever they share. I'd like something finer-grained than that. I have one friend who I both bike with and play board games with. If we get into a conversation about a ride on a weekend, doesn't the model inherently mean what I see in the board game stream gets polluted with the bike conversation?