Is that a joke? Why would anyone vote to make that a crime? I through that three felonies a day is an exageration, but I'm definitely guilty of switching train cars. I suspect that while American kids might have been dragged into it by schools and teachers whether interested or not, international kids were all interested in it or at least choosen by teachers as good students. Also, I do not know how many languages do they support. However, if it is only english, almost all international participating kids are someone who learned foreign language. Which rules out worst cases. As far as I know, there was huge campaign in usa involving president and "everybody has to code" slogans. As far as I know, there was no such thing elsewhere. Many COD and WOW players are adults. According to some stats I read, an average player of big single player games is more then 30 years old male. So I assume that many of them will play multiplayers too. Plus, I know many adults that play those games. I'm not sure that COD is "ultra-violent". It is violent of course, but not much more then an average action movie. No, but death in most action movies are much more effective. Meaning they "feel" more real and killed people are more real. Plus, they are often framed in real world like story and often as positive action did by good hero. Killed guys in COD are just pictures - they have no personality or story. The action is in context of warfare and no one there is believably "good" and "bad". Only better at shooting. I do not think you can judge violence in such simple way. To use analogy, the movie reservoir dogs has scene with ear cutting where nobody dies. That scene is way more violent and disturbing then dozens of killed enemies by James Bond. I had multiplayer in mind - most call of duty players do not play campaign. But yes, that scene was debated a lot. I think that scene is something that makes Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 a game for adults, the same way as ear cutting scene in reservoir dogs makes it something for adults. As far as I know, other call of duty games do not have such scene. I may be wrong on that one through. He made list of some of the biggest very useful projects available for free and called that hall of shame. I especially like "Heaviliy-depened upon but abandoned or barely maintained" point. Should we really shame mainteners for not continuing free support of their open source projects? "Heavily-depended upon" kind of suggests "useful for many people". I do not really care whether they do not have time anymore, lost interest or died. It is still better for me if people abandon projects, then if they never even start them for fear they will not be able to maintain them forever. Sadly, middle management in large companies is full of miserable schmucks like this. They tend to get promoted, have pretty good salaries and rather small work-time. It is sad, because good middle management tend to make huge difference. It is exactly the position where these do the most damage. Or maybe Java has more huge projects then Scala or simply different kind of projects. Springs fits some projects better then other projects - duh - and they have to be big enough to make it really useful. I have no beef with spring, found it useful and not that much complicated in the past. That does not mean I'm going to use it in every new project I'm about to start. Because they want to hear yes. So, they will keep looking for it even if you start with no. Woman that wants to study computer science or like coding will have no trouble to go to study it. However, if a girl is not sure what she wants to do, she will almost certainly NOT pick up computer science, because it is thought about as a boy major. Conversely, if a boy does not know what he wants to do, he is likely to go for CS, because that is the "usual" decision. Not every boy who went to study CS was dreaming in code since elementary school. Most of them learned to code in college. However, CS girls I knew usually picked it up because they really wanted to do it. "They can do the work at night or over the weekend, so they don’t have to leave their current job in the meantime." If I spend night working, I'm tired next day. Not sure if it is shocking. If I spend weekend working, then I just lost most of my free/family time and not surprisingly, I'm tired during next week and produce less in my regular job. So, the hourly rate is better be competitive with salary. Otherwise I would just consider them freeloaders trying to get some cheap labor. I agree with some points in that article. I remember that overly nice teachers aiming primary for fun often taught us very little. It was pleasant, but we have been behind. However, I believe you can have high expectations without being jerk about it. But: 0.) Practice is not the same as rote learning especially in math above third grade. Practice in math means that you have to solve many different exercises and occasionally having to come up with solutions by yourself. Practice in math means that you are occasionally faced with exercises you have not seen before and you have to logic-think your way out of that. Rote learning is quite opposite of that. Drilling essentially the same exercises over and over is opposite of that too. Incidentally, those international tests try to confront students with unfamiliar situations and measure how they perform there. 1.) Why is everybody so obsessed with multiplication tables? It is something 6-7 years old have to learn. I just doubt that whatever happened in the first grade is all that much important years later on when you are 16 years old (age those international tests are done). Even if you had worst first grade teacher in the world that did not taught you how much 2+2 is, teacher in fourth grade was supposed to force you to learn that. How come it did not happened? 2.) Is it possible that while super tough teacher in the beginning could be great for talented committed students, but not really match for average one? Only student with huge commitment and talent would persist and all others would gave up. I was such average kid in music, hated that and stopped playing as soon as I could. It is quite possible that if I would find at least something enjoyable on lessons, I would learn more. Of course, it does not really matter whether I play music today. But, it would matter if I would learn to hate math or computers the same way as I hated music practice. I think that it depends on what exactly are you tough about. You can have teacher that is strict and tough and happen to insist on less important things. Made up example would be math teacher assigning two hours a day of exercises and worksheets on simple equations, while other teachers already moved on and successfully teach "difficult" equations. Made up over the top example would be teacher that checks your notebook every other day whether it is nice, organized and colored. He would assign three hours of work of cutting and pasting and coloring and what not every day and make you rework historical diorama five times. However, that teacher could still miss that you have no idea what happened during historical period he is teaching and do not remember single name or date. I'm pretty sure young techs are able to learn technologies they not have been taught into. Well, yes, but sports can possibly teach that only for those who play e.g. team. So, if the team excludes average students and take only almost professionals in, most students do not get to learn any of those things. So, you have maybe 30 player learning those things while trying to get into paid adult league and the rest of students being fans learning essentially nothing. I doubt those "between 8% and 10% of the school's football and basketball players" who "are reading below a third-grade level" are getting much education. At best, they are getting an empty degree. Are there truly that many useless philosophy/liberal arts majors? According to stats I read, most students actually go for majors that are currently in demand. What happened during depression is that majors in demand changed and the one that looked good when you started is not good anymore. Plus, some law schools exaggerated success of their students. Not all STEM majors and not all computer related majors are in demand btw. GPL software was not created in order to provide free labor and tools to all businesses in the world. If you do not want distribute your software as GPL, scanning every piece of software for GPL is exactly what is expected from you. I'm not saying that I would not contribute it non-GPL software. I do not mind companies closing their products. However, GPL people do mind companies closing their software. So, those companies not using GPL libraries, no matter how useful is perfectly OK result. Many open source projects that accept donations. Look for "donate" page or button. Look at homepages of projects you would be willing to pay to. To be concrete, if you donate to tor, you can choose where the money will go. I do not think it is a book you are supposed to read from start to end. It is more a book you randomly open when you feel bored or tired, read part of random length and then close. Kind of book equivalent of opening facebook/news for 5 minutes and then going back to work. Except that you learn little bit each 5-10 minutes long session. " I will disallow anyone I'm in a conversation with to google facts with their phone. " If we are talking about something, (as opposed to just chatting around) I prefer when people look up facts they are unsure about. Especially if the alternative is guessing out of what they vaguely remember. What is exact benefit of driving web away flash? It would make sense if the alternative would be open, but it is not. First question: How is java code more tied to whatever framework it is using then javascript one? Second question: are you sure javascript code owners will constantly refactor their old finished but functional projects to new tool chain instead letting it live while starting new projects? I like to open multiple youtube tabs at the same time and then watch videos one by one. Most of them are in flash and I have flash block, so they do not play until I actually click on them. Some youtube videos are not blocked by flashblock and it is highly annoying when two videos play at the same time. Some new site use autoplay videos too, and again, I like to open multiple tabs and then close them at the same time. Of course I can figure out which tab is causing it, but it is annoying having to do it. With this feature, I can just kill it. Systems like this are too easy to abuse.