How can anyone take the author's word on whether or not to put a full stop at the end of something when he puts a full stop at the end of the bullet points in his list? That's far worse usage than anything he's doing in the title/summary/smart synopsis. https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/bullet-points "And resulted into this" is a full sentence now? I guess. It's not really English though. The whole thing is serious bikeshedding in my opinion. I used to work on the algo-trading desk of a big brokerage firm (so writing trading algorithms that execute other people's orders for them), and I have to say almost always if someone sends a market order, it would be safer for them if they sent the same thing as an aggressive IOC ("Immediate or Cancel") limit order. The IOC flag gives similar semantics to a market order (in that no portion of your order is going to stay on the book if it's unfilled), but you are guaranteed to execute no worse than the limit you have set. This is clearly way better in situations where the market has big dislocations. Yes, completely agree. And in fact for my own trading I don't use stops because they introduce downside that isn't there in many other situations. On the quant trading analyses that I have done, adding stops frequently makes performance strictly worse while not helping that much when things get really extremely bad, because of course there is no guarantee of liquidity at your stop level if the market is dropping like a stone. So I've seen things like having a trigger in an order manager that at a certain price will place an aggressive IOC limit order to unwind something. In normal conditions that will behave exactly like an at-market stop loss order, except that in the case of really extreme disruption you won't get filled before your limit. So the hope is in those cases the market will bounce. You don't want to get unwound at any cost on your stop if the market is going to rapidly recover afterwards. It also means there's no information leakage if you're worried about your broker taking advantage of the information in your stop (paranoid, but yes...). As you've said, there's no panacea. Totally agree. It's fair to realise that there are consequences to deviation from standards, but (like many people) I don't consider the fact that IETF makes something a standard to be a binding requirment on me to do something on my boxes. For one thing, the standard was built for an extremely different internet than the one we have today. Hang on, if I'm going to be a real pedant, that section says that the host must implement an echo server that can reply to ICMP echo requests, it doesn't say that the host must reply to those requests. By that standard, OsX is compliant because it has the server. You don't have to enable the response. Ships' engines are amazing, but heavy fuel oil is really really gross stuff. It's basically all the bits of the barrel that are left after distillation. Ie what they've dug out of the ground but can't sell off for more money as aviation fuel, gasoline, diesel etc. Therefore it has really high sulphur content and very long/complex hydrocarbon chains that burn much less efficiently than gasoline or diesel. Louis Andriessen is also synesthetic (?sp). | In the scheme of things skipping a video won't kill a company. Skipping the video is not in itself what could potentially kill the company. However if clients are able to claim that their insurance was mis-sold by Zenefits, it seems to me that could. Mis-selling of payment protection insurance in the UK has already resulted in settlements north of 5 billion GBP, and the issue is not fully resolved yet. I do a lot of public speaking, presenting and demoing to audiences of various sizes, and am considered (by at least some people) quite good at this stuff. My advice would be just stop and think when you need to. It's completely fine and you will convey the impression that you are a serious and thoughtful individual, which is good. You can show that you were listening and are about to respond entirely through your body language. If you feel uncomfortable with that, there are a bunch of simple tricks you can use here and saying "umm..." is not a good one. One easy thing is to always ensure you have a glass/bottle of water. If someone asks a tough question and you need time to think, wait until they have finished their question, then take a drink of water. No-one thinks this is even slightly strange and it gives you time to think and make a considered answer. I used to work in finance, and there is a bunch of obscure terminology and conventions, adopted from different cultures (eg you can trade a "Lakh" of silver). See how the currency sign for GBP looks like a capital L? and the currency sign for shillings and pence was "s" and "d"? (now the uk use "p" for pence since decimalisation). So "Lire", "Soldi" and "Denarii" were the denominations of Italian currency in the the late Renaissance, and this obscure terminology was because originally the bankers in London were from Lombardy. So I always thought MM was the same. For something like "Mille Mille" (ie one thousand thousands). I don't have any reference for this, that was just my own theory, and it's slightly undermined by the fact that the Italians have a word for "Million" ("Milione"). I think you guys mean 'steganography' rather than 'stenography'. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography Tim Gowers is an amazing mathematician and a person of great integrity, but this is not exactly news given that the boycott has gone on for so long now (see the date on the article). More recently, in March 2016 he founded a new ultra-low-cost journal (Discrete Analysis) which publishes all articles on arXiv. https://gowers.wordpress.com/2016/03/01/discrete-analysis-la... Go/baduk would be the most obvious counter-example here. It has something like 9 rules in total (depending on how you count them) and has been replayed for more than 5000 years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rules_of_go#Concise_statement A csp can say that you only want to load things over https and Strict-transport security (HSTS) also helps here (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security ). I've found http://securityheaders.io quite helpful in securing my servers alongside ssl labs server test (as others have mentioned) to check that your actual server and SSL certs are configured well. Not exactly. If you remove dropbox from the accessibility auth list while the client is still running (without removing /Library/DropboxHelperTools) it just adds itself back in. Also it prompts for the password after installation. So it's more like "how dropbox uses the root access you give it after installation to install software which will permanently re-add itself to accessibility even if you attempt remove its authorization". It's very strange that after I remove Dropbox from the accessibility list you think it's ok to add it back in again. That's the reason I'll be closing my account. This is a very broad accusation, but certainly most hedge funds I know are based in Mayfair, where almost all property is owned by the Duchy of Westminster. Of the top of my head I don't know any hedge funds who own their own office space in London (I'm sure they must exist). Hedge funds as a group would almost certainly be able on average to lower their rent if there was more property development. It might be that the processes are genuinely eating your RAM, but on most unix-like OSs, RAM usage doesn't work quite the way people expect and it may be you're misunderstanding. Many pages of forked or threaded processes can be copy-on-write, so it actually costs the OS nothing to have multiple processes sharing them. They only actually become separate pages when the process actually writes to them. What this means is that you can't get a true picture of the ram usage just by adding as you will in fact be double-counting any read-only pages that are shared using COW. Seriously? Here's the Ecuadorian Embassy: https://goo.gl/maps/gtwjXtGrv9p Note that it's not in the middle of nowhere, it's right behind Harrods (ie 100 yards away from one of the busiest shopping streets in one of the world's largest and most diverse cities, with 1000s of people walking by every minute carrying cellphones). Do you honestly think anyone could storm such an embassy and not have a massive media footprint? When the Iranian embassy was stormed there was wall-to-wall coverage on the news, and that was in the 1980s, before every second person on the street had a cellphone and twitter. Many people have their internet service go down from time to time (I know I do) and most of the time it isn't caused by state-sponsored action/governments storming their place of residence. I've already said why I think such a storming would provide evidence that even state-sponsored actors would not be able to suppress. The Brompton Road and Sloane street both have plenty of pedestrians and vehicular traffic at 6:40am (I'm speaking as someone who used to bicycle down them every day around that time). Given no evidence to the contrary, a much better hypothesis that fits the known facts is that there was some sort of standard ISP snafu or similar tech problem. That's a bizarre accusation and very easy to fact-check for yourself. It's trivial to run a packet sniffer and see all the information being sent out of your network. I know for sure that my apple and my linux boxes aren't making any network connections that I don't understand. That's true. All the banks were forced to take bailout money because the concern was if a sound bank was allowed to refuse, shaky banks would either be punished in the market for accepting or worse would be pressured into refusing when they actually needed the money. GS paid the money back literally as soon as they were allowed to. Have you considered changing your pricing model so you get paid some % of their "success" however defined? Edit: to explain my thinking - the idea here is it may actually be that if you're getting paid alongside them that you don't need to grow to other customers. You can get all the revenue you need from getting this one customer to dominate their market. I'm not sure the OPs approach is reasonable, and I would decline any candidate who tried to put constraints like this on the process. In particular I don't think it's reasonable to insist on being interviewed by the direct manager and I don't think it's reasonable to refuse to engage with algorithm and other whiteboard questions. As a meta-point, a company should try to standardise their interview process as much as possible in order to provide each candidate with an equal chance to succeed. This is very important in attempting to address inherent biases etc. Apart from filtering out unsuitable candidates, one of the purposes of the interview process is to determine where exactly a good candidate might best fit. Although you get a good guess at this from their CV, oftentimes I find myself suggesting a good candidate be routed to a particular team based on strengths and weaknesses they have demonstrated in the interview process that were not apparent before. There is an information asymmetry at the heart of this that is hard to solve - I know a lot about my company, its teams and their needs, and the candidate (hopefully) knows a lot about themselves, what they are actually good at and want to do. What this means is that the direct manager is not necessarily knowable ahead of the interview (and subsequent review). Secondly, just because someone is a team lead/manager does not necessarily presuppose they are a particularly good interviewer. Interviewing is a skill that not everyone has and there are good reasons to keep the interview pool to a set of people who see a wide swathe of candidates and are able to calibrate their interview based on experiences of lots of candidates. This means the hiring manager (even if you know who she is) may not be on the slate for interviewing. Finally the "I'm not prepared to answer questions like x". Although this is becoming a trendy thing to say on HN (most typically about algorithm/whiteboard type questions), refusing to engage constructively with a question is a huge red flag for me, and likely to indicate a personality type that I don't want to hire. I would readily admit that the data shows that algo questions often don't have as much signal as people used to think. However, structured work exercises have been shown time and time again to be a very good indicator of subsequent performance. I do need to know that you can actually program, and often offer a choice of an algo question or a structured code review (where the candidate and I talk through some code on their github or that they can provide me for the review). There are good and bad ways to ask algo questions as there are with many questions. It's pretty pointless to ask an experienced programmer to write the algo for heapify; they either know it or they don't. However, if you're a recent compSci graduate and you don't know these things I'll suspect that you didn't really pay attention in class and mostly coasted. One of the hardest and very best interviews I have ever had consisted of someone deliberately re-asking one of the algo questions I had performed poorly on at the beginning of the interview process (after I had a couple of weeks to think about it). This proceeded into a very very tough interview that pushed me beyond the bounds of my compsci knowledge to how I think about solving hard problems. It wasn't about what "book knowledge" I could recall but rather about how good I was at applying my knowledge in a tough situation.