I've been going 10 years so far at something similar, and while I've taken a lot more than one photo a day on average, I'm still working on a mechanism to extract the interesting ones from the documentary chaff. I am trying to attack the problem by using extensive metadata to organize along different dimensions, but the resulting explanatory notes sort of ruin the magic of the mystery: http://james.lab6.com/photos/ SF is a writing style, not a set of technologies. Hence why Neal Stephenon's Baroque Cycle is SF despite including no SFnal technologies (except maybe an allusion to just one), and why The Time Traveller's Wife is mainstream, despite being about time travel, the most outlandishly SFnal concept there ever was. There is one important network effect they seem to be neglecting - the "big ball of mud" network effect of having hundreds of Excel spreadsheets all linked into each other, forming critical parts of the finance infrastructure of megacorps. This kind of end-user-computing nightmare is so hard to migrate away from that most companies can't even conceive how to do it. However, regulatory schemes like SOX in the USA and Solvency II and Basel III in Europe, are forcing the issue. Big banks and insurers won't be allowed to carry on running critical finance operations on such a fragile stack, so there are currently huge migrations away from Excel happening all across the financial services industry. Software like SAS and Business Objects seem to be the anti-Excels of choice. There will obviously still be Excel on the desktop, used for ad-hoc data manipulation and visualization, which is what it is actually good for, but this type of usage is much easier to replace with something like OpenOffice. Why does Google no longer offer the option to permanently remove a specific domain from your search results? My personal search quality would be dramatically improved if I could specify even a short blacklist. In fact, dear lazyweb: is there a browser extension or greasemonkey script that makes Google return 100 results at a time and then filters out the best 10 based on a blacklist? > The problem, says our source, is in relation to the "flimsy" hardware keyboard mechanism, which fell short of operator standards. It surprises me that operators would have such strict standards, given the junk I've seen them try to sell over the years. Maybe they are learning? I'd love to see other designs that have been rejected before hitting the market. For those of you worried about losing your life to another simulation game, I present: How Dwarf Fortress cured me of my Dwarf Fortress addiction once and for all - even though I've never played it: http://james.lab6.com/2010/05/25/withdrawal/ I would think IT departments would be more concerned with the cost of regression testing applications with a new piece of infrastructure. Same as with IE6. I've not come across an IT organization that wouldn't love to upgrade to the latest piece of kit, IF their customers were willing to pay the cost - remembering that much of the cost will be in terms of repaying technical debt incurred by short-sighted decisions to skip best practises (coding to standards, producing documentation, refactoring, ...) "very proprietary" does not usually imply "very strong". To be fair, understanding regular currency isn't exactly trivial. Most people seem to get by without understanding the finer points of banking, quantitative easing, M1, M2, etc.. And one might consider the ability of governments to manipulate their currencies for political reasons to be a security flaw. Nobody understands economics well enough to predict what Bitcoin will become. For a start, both of those pieces hinge on the dangers of a deflationary spiral. But it is far from clear or agreed how such a spiral would work, or whether it would encounter a natural limiting factor. To the extent that deflation might cause a decrease in demand, it's not even clear that that's a bad thing - because we live in such a consumption-oriented economy it's hard for economists to even conceive of - let alone analyze - the idea that people might only spend money when they need to. Before 2011, I'd never been athletic and I don't naturally have a runner's build, but this year I started entering road races - first a 10K, then a half-marathon, and now a marathon. By committing to running the race, I am incentivized to train hard. That's a roundabout way of saying that I do a lot of exercise. I can't recommend this highly enough for so many reasons, but to answer your question, one particular benefit is that I've found this regulates my appetite to the point where I eat only the calories that I need . Do you have an example of mathematics that could be made more accessible but hasn't been? That's totally the standard way that all mathematicians think about n-dimensional spaces. I've never heard a mathematician claim math is the universal solution to all problems... sounds like you had a bad high school experience. Do you need a math-hug? :) Not sure what it means for a particular technology to "die". A lot of "dead" technologies are "alive" and kicking in the Enterprise world. Perhaps "undead" is the word you're looking for... Windows 7 is version 6.1. Welcome to the world of model versioning, where nothing means anything! No. I just don't go back to websites with annoying ads. I have yet to come across a website with utterly compelling content and also utterly intolerable ads. Brazil has a 60% import tax. Not sure if this applies to everything but it does to individuals and small businesses. Brazil is on fire. Flush with oil money, 90% of electricity from renewable sources, a bottomless pit of energy and enthusiasm being held back only by corruption. Large corporations run lots of browser-based applications. To upgrade these applications, or even to regression test them - even in virtual environments - costs money. Any money they spend on IT comes out of their profits, or is added onto their prices. Would you pay an extra 5 bucks to buy your car insurance from a company that has ditched IE6? Bitcoin now is like the internet was in 1985. There is a huge stack of infrastructure yet to be built in order to deliver on the early pre-hyped promises. I don't think anybody understands this domain well enough to predict the outcome; it's very clearly in an experimental phase. It may well be ridiculous to believe Bitcoin will replace the dollar (much as some believed the internet would replace all manner of things which still happily co-exist), but surely more ridiculous to dismiss it when the experiment has barely begun. No, there is a very simple, well-defined and difficulty-independent metric of Bitcoin mining performance: hashes per second. Asking what specifically caused the crisis is like asking which hamburger caused your obesity. This is a problem that has been building over decades, and it will take decades to solve. What's wrong with booting instances from EBS-backed images? A lot of capitalists also promote growth, but growth is not a necessary condition for capitalism. Any hints from Amazon on whether they intend to provide Elastic IPv6 addresses?