That problem of "negative moves" is solved by the Chinese rules. A point is scored under them for each surrounded intersection plus each stone on the board. So you can defend any supposed weakness without losing points (you still lose sente and points if you needlessly defend when the score is not settled yet). You can even reduce your territories to two eyes each if you feel like. By the way, the Chinese rules let solve neatly all those cases handled by special rules in the Japanese rules. The bent four in the corner is the most notable one. Playing it out with the Chinese rules is a neat explanation why that corner is defined to be dead: the surrounding player defends any weakness without losing points and starts the ko. The other player has no ko threats and dies. Those defensive moves lose points under the Japanese rules so they have to make a special rule for that shape and many others. The only problem with the Chinese rules is that scoring takes longer and completely destroy the shape of the game: you fill in the territory of one player, take out the other's stones and count by grouping the stones in convenient shapes. Furthermore if you want to count during play you must remember how many stones have been captured because prisoners are returned to their bowl and are not stored in plain view (the score penalty is paid by not having those stoned on the board). Japanese rules are a shortcut that makes scoring easy but the tradeoff is the dictionary of special cases at the end of the game. I did something similar more than 20 years ago using Prim's algorithm for the minimal spanning tree. Spanning trees are not the most efficient way to generate a maze but I was studying CS and the maze generation was a good incentive to actually translate the textbook pseudocode into actual C (without the ++). I didn't do the fancy tree animation but you'll excuse me as all I had was a 80x25 ASCII terminal so it was probably a 40x12 maze :-) However I added a nethack style @ character and the hjkl keys to move from the entrance to the exit in the shorter time plus a leaderboard shared across all the users of our Unix system. Our terminals had a repeat key (i.e. keys didn't autorepeat, you had to press the repeat key as if it were a shift to make a key repeat) and that added to dexterity required to go through the maze quickly. The fastest time was in the 5-6 seconds range. I'm afraid the source algorithm has been lost on some tape long ago. HP Zbook 15 with Ubuntu here. Boot to an empty desktop: 15 seconds, typing the password included. I timed that days ago out of curiosity. Resume from suspend to RAM: maybe 2 seconds to the password prompt, plus all my programs are open and in the state I left them before suspending. I never tried hybernating to disk but I bet moving 16 GB of RAM back and forth to disk wouldn't be as fast, even to SSD (I got a dual disk system SSD+HD). I had enough syntax errors appearing after a copy and paste that ended up with difficult to spot unaligned code that I decided to use Python only for little scripts and when I'm forced to use it and nothing else would do. The problem with Python is that editors don't have hints to autoalign the code for us. Same problem with templating languages like HAML and Slim which, oh the irony, were born for Rails. Nevertheless many people like Python and it's growing strong (maybe stronger as system/desktop language than for the web) so those problems of mine are not as big as I feel they are. But how do you survive to them or make them not happen? I'm sincerely interested. I agree. go: about 2,550,000,000 results. go language: about 3,630,000,000 results. golang: about 1,950,000 results. I wish the poster published the Google query strings he used because I get very different results. Examples: gorest: 984,000 results vs 6580 in the post. ruby on rails: 11,900,000 vs 258,000. Unfortunately I couldn't find the news in English so I posted the link to google translate. A video with Italian audio is a http://vimeo.com/95952928 You can see how the holographic system looks like. A demo at 0:00, another one at 1:20 (the guy is remote there, the girl local). Skip to 4:00 for what looks like to be a different kind of hardware. We're at Ruby 2.1.x and every single gem I used in the past six months has been ported to it. I use Ruby only for Rails so I might be seeing a small environment, but it's 96 gems in the project I have in my editor right now. There are still many new projects in Ruby. I probably make half of my income with them. I agree with you, as a Ruby developer I'm not blown over when I see Python. I shake my head instead and I try to explain why. All those __method__ and all those mandatory (). The : at the end of lines. Can't the parser know when it's over like Ruby does? An else: on a line of itself is a very odd sight. And why must you have built-in functions and methods mixed into the language? Yes len(), I'm looking at you. I won't even enter into the religious war about semantic spaces, because that's a different story. It might be surprising to many, but Python feels like C to me. Maybe that's why it's popular as a system language. making people feel at home helps. Another reason of its success might be that it is a simpler C so it got many developers coming from C like languages (Java and PHP among the others). As a rubyist I feel as Guido made all sort of wrong decisions while designing Python but as Matz said "I tried to make Ruby perfect for me, but maybe it's not perfect for you. The perfect language for Guido van Rossum is probably Python." So everybody is happy and I think that the news about the demise of Python are greatly exaggerated. It's here to stay for the good and for the bad. I install rvm on my production boxes as explained at https://rvm.io/ then I put .ruby-version and .ruby-gemset files in the application directory to select the interpreter and the gemset (I might need to have different applications running - especially on staging machines). Finally I use bundle and a Gemfile. It's pretty easy. You got another answer suggesting rbenv which is also fine. Car engines are in liters over there I think. On the other side, TVs are in inches all around the world. > what common thing weighs a kg? Everything at 1 kg just seems to be too heavy I'm back from a mall so... 1 l of water is 1 kg. 1 l of wine too, for any practical purpose. Water is usually sold in 1 l bottles or 500 ml in restaurants and automatic machines. Pasta is usually sold in 500 g or 1k g boxes. Milk, sugar, flour and salt too. Oil and vinegar are usually 1 l. Butter is usually 250 g or even 125 g for smaller doses. Sure not many items seem to weight more than 1 kg but weight your clothes, you'll be surprised how heavy winter clothes are :-) Basically everything is priced either by the kg or by the liter (vegetables, cheese, meat, beverages, toothpaste, etc). It's required by law so we are able to compare different products of the same kind and different weight and get the better deal, quality aside. Obviously the label has a bigger figure for the price of the item than for the price by the kg. As you see, whatever the units are they a convenient for everyday use because all the economic and legal system is consistent with them. A transition in a country as large as the USA would be bumpy. I'd like to see it happen before I die but I won't bet anything on it, not until they are surpassed by some other country as the leader of the world. After that there might be some real economic incentive to a switch. Great, maybe it will spread to other countries :-) Actually I'd like to see the actual width of the screen (bezel included) rather than the diagonal, which is pretty useless. It's to the width that I've been looking at recently when I wanted to know which TV fits into the space I have for it. I started using vi in 1987 and switched to emacs in 1991. The macro recorder sold the editor to me. Then I scripted everything I could (I have fond memories of a mail client call vm) and eventually forgot most of elisp in the 2000's. I still use vi (vim, actually) when I ssh to servers for quick editing local configuration files. I agree that command composability and . (don't forget the dot command) are great and I sometimes miss them in emacs, especially the dot command which is like automatically defining a macro for the last command and running C-x e with a single keypress. I think this might be the defining tract of vi as much as ESC and command composability. All considered I still prefer emacs to the vastly improved vim we have nowadays. I just don't want to have to press ESC all the time before moving to another place in the edit buffer. I wonder if somebody could come out with a great idea for merging the two paradigms in some natural way. I'd love to have both emacs and vi in the same editor. There isn't enough cash to do that. Quoting http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/money/aggregates/aggr/html/in... (tab Background) "M1 is the sum of currency in circulation and overnight deposits;". From http://sdw.ecb.europa.eu/reports.do?node=1000003478 on April 2014 we had M1 = 5,498.8 billions Euro Banknote circulation data at http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/euro/circulation/html/index.e... Banknotes: 948 billions Euro Coins: 24 billions Euro (*) One of the reasons is the mandatory minimum reserve. Check this http://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/implement/mr/html/index.en.htm... I remembered that reserve existed but I'm a noob at finance so I'm pretty sure there are more important reasons. You're not alone on that side. Every service must have its own user/password. Single sign on with fb/g+/etc is convenient but it is good especially for those companies. I run it in the Tint browser on Android and got Hacker News plus a few false positives, sites I never heard about and never been at (maybe some images included in other sites?). I got a much longer list of sites in Dolphin but that's my main Android browser. Again, many unknown sites but I can't remember or notice any random link I touch. I tried again with Chromium on Linux and got the cannot calibrate message. Firefox is my main browser and is not supported, luckily, let me add :-) I got one and I'm starting to experiment. I discovered that soldering can be a problem. First, I had to buy a solder. Second, physics is merciless and a mistake can toast your card (didn't happened to me yet) vs the run-fail-debug loop we're used to in sw development. Anyway, some hw modules have been tested with Espruino and the web site explains how to use them. My understanding is that you can plug almost anything into it, you just (!) have to know its specs and how to wire it to the board. It's not built-in but the Stylish extension does that. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_paving For any project worth talking about Sinatra is too skinny. Basically you have to hack your routing in about the same way you do with Node's Express, enumerating the bindings between routes and methods. Obviously there are clever ways to do it but you end up reimplementing the resourceful routes of Rails. Another problem is that you really want to use ActiveRecord to access the database. Anything else it too painful. So you end up creating AR models and you have to manually include them. Finally there are views. I won't even enter into that. Soon you end up with a worse engineered Rails. I've been using Sinatra only for serving API requests for small projects. I won't touch it for anything else. Rails has http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/Streamin... which I never used. It seems that Lotus::Live isn't ready yet. I can't find any docs for it so I don't know how they compare. Could you point me to an URL. Thanks. The syntax is better than the CommonJS one. Check the side by side comparison at http://jsmodules.io/cjs.html However CommonJS is here now and JS engines might take a while to implement the new syntax. Example: the => (which is in the same ES6 draft) works in FF since version 22 and not in V8 yet. http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:specification... The problems I experienced with TDD in Rails applications (it's about the only way I'm using Ruby) didn't derive from object orientation or dynamic typing. They came from time and money constraints, especially in those one hour or one day rushes to get a new small functionality into the code base and deliver it into production. If a company has an internal development staff the technical debt can be repaid later on. If a company works with consultants paid by the hour, there might be never enough money to do it. An application with reasonable test coverage can quickly turn into an application with 100% broken tests and weeks of work to fix them all. But this isn't about Ruby or OO, it's about customers and the amount of money they want to spend no matter how good you are at explaining them what's happening to their software. I have a Rails 3.2/Ruby 1.9.3 application that will be hard to port to Rails 4/Ruby 2.1 because of that. The point of the original post could be that writing that application in Haskell would require less work on tests so we could have less technical debt by now. Maybe. But when integration tests break (originally run with Selenium) because the UI changed so much and there are many new functionalities to test, I don't think the language can help. It's back to having enough budget. I suggest bashmarks http://www.huyng.com/projects/bashmarks/ to bookmark directories and jump there with a quick command. I also like to alias ..="cd .." and alias ...="cd ../.." to quickly navigate up.