porn is no longer allowed (well, cannot reach) on /r/all I did not know that aimee was born in 1997, nor can I find when her father's crimes actually transpired, other than that he was convicted in 2018. My initial impression was that aimee was a transwomen well into adult hood (an adult complicit in these crimes). This whole thing is going to blow up spectacularly if it comes out that the father committed these crimes when she was in her teens, and she is a product of being a victim in an abusive household. I don't understand, did she double down that her dad was innocent/what he did was ok? All I am aware of is that she says she did not know it was happening. And frankly if she was only 15 or something at the time, I would likely believe her. I would also leave open the possibility the she was being abused too, and feared retribution. At least with cigarettes, it takes 2 - 4 years to really cement your addiction. Plenty of younger people (well I guess it's with juuls now) tell themselves they can quit whenever they want, and take break during a week of family vacation. No problem, so they keep on smoking. 5 years later when they try to quit they realize that maybe they weren't as bulletproof as they thought. I know for sure it happened to me. Of course caffeine could be totally different addiction wise, and thankfully not nearly as deadly, but just some food for thought. I'm D tier programmer who would easily land a programming job if factorio was the skill metric. I'm not a programmer, I only know enough C to do simple embedded micro designs. Electronics is my jam, so I probably could get much better if I took the time. Small talk and the like is tiring, but getting to talk about your pet project with others who grasp it's depth is a rare and exciting thing, and there is no denying that in person communication flows the best. You can't even do that for civil servants though. The actual number of "encounters gone wrong" vs total encounters is vanishingly small. People think there is an epidemic of police murdering minorities, but in reality the number of unarmed black men killed by police is somewhere between bear attacks and babies drowning in buckets in terms of annual deaths. That's not to downplay the horror of such killings, but to put it into perspective of the pervasiveness of the problem. The media and especially social media of turned it into a full blown public health crisis. I have a friend who bootcamped for 6 months and landed a $130k/yr job at a buzzword start-up doing app development. No previous coding knowledge or really even tech interest. He did accounting previously. He makes 3/4 of what the president of my small defense contractor company makes, a guy who has been an RF engineer for 35 years prior to taking on the leadership role. The two fresh grad EE's we have are both spinning software in their free time to nab software dev jobs over EE jobs, because the pay is often double. You might find this interesting https://inflationchart.com/spx-in-m1 It basically shows the value of the S&P 500 as a function of total cash in the system. Especially with the rising cancer known as SaaS. Soon you'll need to be paying $10/mo for your thermostat to work, and you'll need to fork over another $200 every other year to upgrade the hardware. >If its ok for a young person to leave their hometown, move to a city and call it home to make a better life without thinking about the locals, then it must be ok for a person with a small family living in a city to move to a smaller town and call it home to make a better life for his/her family. The reason that theses two scenarios are not equivalent is so obvious I'm wondering whether or not I'm misinterpreting it. You also have the issue of the wealth divide. Its gonna be very difficult to hang out with locals when your annual income is more than they have made in a decade. Jealously alone will tear things apart, nevermind the near complete lack of overlapping life experience. So you end up with the wealthy newcomers only interacting with other wealthy newcomers. Essentially a new culture in a place that had an established culture for years before hand. Think of it like this. You can throw a lot of different juices and alcohols into the punch bowl before it becomes apparent that something is different. Pour a half shot of vodka into a glass of wine and the difference is immediate and off putting. There is very little tolerance for change in a glass of wine. The cultures of small towns really don't have much elasticity nor are they expected to have it. People don't like change and normally no one except other small town people come in. Cities are generally something that people rotate through in huge numbers. Cities are always changing while still keeping some on the side as a homage to their identity. For the most part though they are always in flux by nature. NYC is not the same as it was 10 years ago. ________ NY, largely the same for the past 200 years is suddenly changing radically in the tech WFA renaissance. There is no doubt in my mind the council will be hi-jacked if it hasn't already - some of those ordinances are "a little out of touch for modern living". Anyway, before I rant too much, my point is that comparing the elasticity of a city's culture to the rigid and fragile cultures of small towns is ridiculous. Its a fucking thermostat. I don't need the company to be bankrolling a $2mm/yr AI team so that the thermostat can try to make better guess about when I want to turn on the heat. I always assumed those were Chinese reverse engineered. They do some absolutely insane reverse engineering over there. I was thinking about this problem too, and realized that the photo-finish also provides placings for all the other contestants. Some other type of sensor might be able to more accurately place who was first, but could struggle greatly differentiating the pack of contestants behind them. Can anyone enlighten me about 5G? To me it seems to be absolutely nothing more than a marketing tool meant to sell a new generation of phones and phone plans. The fact that it is pushed so fervently just sets of red flags galore for me. 4G is plenty fast and works well for me. I see nothing gained for my phone by going from 100Mbps to 1Gbps(?). Nothing. But its pushed like the second coming of Christ. The financial/economic forest is way overgrown and no one wants to be the one to set it on fire. My "junk" e-mail address is a yahoo address. I'd actually be a little sad to see it go, I have almost 20 years of random e-mails in there. On the other hand Apple competes hard against Samsung, yet relies heavily on Samsung to build a large part of it's competing products. Although I admit that this might not be as true anymore as it was a few years ago. Amazon doesn't need to be nationalized, it does need to be broken up though. The dividing lines in the organization are so clear you could practically tap it with a hammer and it will fall apart into nice individual pieces. Yeah recently I had to replace the HID bulbs in my motorcycle. The Amazon ones were junk so I wanted the same ones I originally bought 11 years ago. Sure enough there was the email from 2010 and the company still had the same bulbs. This reminds me of the current influx of software guys into the microcontroller space. Arduino's, pi's and the like. You have these super knowledgeable people who are unable to execute the electronics side of their project, so now we have a huge market of things abstracted up to their level (i.e. LEDs with all the necessary electronics already embed, just call the address and go). This isn't even just a hobbyist phenomena. Electronics design itself is becoming more and more "turn key hardware", where you just slap chips on a board, string them together, then get chugging on the software. The pot holes play a trivial role in the example. The point is that face time is much cheaper than people make it out to be, and politicians don't have time to be doing deep research on the hundreds of applicable topics they vote on. I believe it was Al Franken I heard talking about this, and he said that often times politicians end up voting with the lobbyist desires because no one ever lobbied the other side of the issue. For instance an energy lobbyist asking for the inclusion of exemptions for it's potentially overweight trucks on local roads to support the new gas well jobs created, that "will easily make up the potential and definitely trivial road repair costs". Nobody shows up to lobby the other side of the story. The energy company painted it perfectly as a 100% good thing, while someone could have donated $200 and after bit a research shown it was actually a sham and the official would have agreed. But no one did.