I'm When I walk out the door, I would assume the contract is over and I'm at liberty to use my freedom of contract to go elsewhere. I've been proactively working on this problem for years actually. This is like my 4th or 5th attempt: https://github.com/kristopolous/ytmix Alright, let's do ruby then. I use vim with Ri, Rdoc, and ack-grep plugins ( https://github.com/kristopolous/vimbuild ) and then use irb with a bunch of extensions ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2952793/anything-like-bpy... ) but there is nothing out there that makes my life phenomenally easy yet (for instance, some really awesome code navigation tool). zsh has built-in autocomplete for ri; try running zsh then do "ri " ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri.png ); that ought to win you to at least having it installed. And yes, you can do "ri XXX# " for the second level! ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri-kernel.png ) For the record, I do straight ruby; I don't even know how to deploy rails. Hype: A clever marketing strategy which a product is advertized as the thing everyone must have, to the point where people begin to feel they need to consume it. Substance: the actual matter of a thing, as opposed to the appearance or shadow; reality. This piece is hype. Those that push off hype as substance are swindling your valuable time and are basically saying "come on everyone, let's hope on board the train and base our infrastructure off of unproven, new shit." Which is fine; but only because most of these people are just writing the same social shopping website over and over again; and will do so until the next hyped idea makes its way into the business world. Some think he's just a novel con-artist: 1. http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/intelligence-files/gro... 2. http://kanewj.com/wbc/ Looks like it equates to fairly decent take-home pay given that he probably works far less than the 2080 full time hours a year for it. And remember, it's a church, so it's all tax free. Marty McFly: Whoa, this is heavy. Dr. Emmett Brown: There's that word again; "heavy". Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the earth's gravitational pull? From, of course, Back To The Future (1985) In 1951 you could have whined, "With the rise of pro-grammable computers, the Engineer can simply turn his brain off and let the computer do all the work. The era of craftsmanship has come to a close. No, no need to think dear friend, we have ourselves a Computer. Aughh!" Then, in 1961 you could have sighed, "The knowledge of how to maintain a computer will be gone forever with this increase in reliability. How will someone ever know truly how computers work unless they have to fix them piece by piece." Then, in 1971 you could have pined, "With the rise of these time-share based operating environments, the future programmer has all the hard things taken care of for them. All that you need now is a data-bank administrator and record input clerk. There is no future in computing!" Then, in 1981 you could have lamented, "Baugh! The rise of these pre-built micros means that the future generations won't know how to work a logic analyzer or an oscilloscope. They will never use a soldering gun or know the joy of assembling a memory board because they will just drop it in the slot. Ug!" Then, in 1991 you could have scoffed, "well with all these new fancy compilers, nobody will appreciate the joys of directly manipulating registers and stacks. Instead, they will spend their career in higher order abstractions without ever truly knowing the soul of the machine." Then, in 2001 you could have cried, "This era of the world wide web is hastening the decline of single system software and entertainment consumption is simply supplanting productivity for the largest use case of computing. Programming has become nothing more then playing Oz in the Emerald City; pulling pre-built levers as the scarecrows and tin-men of the world marvel on the sidelines" I use it all the time in network and graphic programming, but I name the variables to state the fact. It's like a poor man's struct; sometimes you are doing say, some kind of packet analysis and you have some really convoluted spec to work off of. You could either formalize it in a bunch of headers and try to synthesize the structure of it or you can use tricks like this in order to parse it nicely. In graphics programming, or more specifically, file format programming, sometimes I have to parse through, or generate a colortable and then go through a bunch of serialized data and transform that into a buffer where I have something like coordinate[x][y]{[z]}.{rgb/cmyk/yuv/hsv/rgba/bgr...} and I have a bunch of unions and structs; having char * data[3] as my payload and then being able to offset around into it is fantastically convenient, especially when trying to apply kernels or do transformations over the entire space. The code is far more readable at the lower level manipulation with this kind of stuff. And when you say 'Well I use OTS solutions for graphics' and I say "I do too, when I can. But when I can't, it's nice to be able to express what I need to do effeciently" To us unfiltered web viewers, they are actually advertisements. cliche headlines make me want to run too ... I despise them. Agreed. The argument about gaining or losing sleep has always struck me as a bit meaningless. What time do I go to bed? Between 11 PM and 7 AM ... depends on the day. What time do I wake up? Oh between 8 AM and 2 PM. Am I some 18 year old without a job who doesn't need to perform? Nope, I do programming and go to the office 5 days a week, lead meetings, conduct interviews all that stuff. I don't take any drugs and am right around 30. This is not just me too. I, and I think everyone I've ever talked to about this have no real substantial long term issues with 10 hours of sleep one night, 6 the next, 8 after that, etc. and having it occur at widely varied times. I once had a paranoid schizophrenic friend that suggested such things were happening to him. I think it's a bad move when what were previously paranoid delusions start manifesting themselves as accepted realities. I started with http://hello.jpg.to/ and was delighted by the results, thinking that the web app translated my phrase into a variety of languages and then made a stylish motif. Eagerly, I typed in http://goodbye.jpg.to/ to see, again, what looked like a totally custom image based on random text that I put in. I have to admit, I found this to be http://totallyawesome.jpg.to/ at this point, pressing F5 and hoping for other stylized generations. After not seeing any, I decided to just try my name ... and found a football player. I actually did this, back then, a few times (I was a pipping teen in the day). It was enormously fun; absolutely loved it; all on a 486-dx(2?) Recompiling the kernel manually was something you just did ; it was expected. Downloading a bunch of source code and compiling the dependencies and managing everything yourself; also completely ordinary. The best thing was going between Pillbox, Yggdrasil, Mandrake, Slackware(!) ... those were the days! There were two floppy disks that you would boot from, the `Boot` and the `Root` if I remember right. If you had a system up and running you could use dd, otherwise there was a DOS tool that would do as much. Interestingly, this was when the first thing you'd see at boot was LILO The LILO above was actually a complex diagnostic result. Getting something like LILILILILILILILI was possible or LIL They all meant a bunch of different things. If you got the full LILO you would be like "phew, it worked". Otherwise, you use your rescue floppy (or the one you used to install, had to remember to keep those around) and figure out what was wrong. CDs originally weren't bootable and lots of BIOSES didn't know how to deal with them. There was a standard that went out called the "El Torito" or something that basically talked about how CDROMS would be bootable. I think Windows 98 had this; in fact, I think it came out of Redmond (but I haven't done my homework in the Goog) So in 199x, even if you had a fancy bootable CD, you were still making floppy images, then inserting the CD when instructed to. In fact, I still have a box of floppies just in case I need to deal with hardware pre-1999 ... which is becoming less and less relevant (I think I used one last in 2006). Then again, I used a 5 1/4 in 2003 ... so I guess it's worth keeping around another 4-6 years. The worst memory I have is when I found out just how bad swap could be. I had to compile the NetBSD kernel on a laptop I had (IBM 360C, active color 640x480 display, NiCd battery, 2.88MB floppy, SCSI disk, huge docking station with speakers ... this is about 1999 (more of 1999 below)) and it had all of 8MB of RAM. I had to recompile the kernel to make use of an early wireless (which felt like pure magic) PCCARD I had (mind you, 16 bit, not 32-bit CardBus) and the kernel took 4.5 days(!) to compile. In fact, I remember starting it Christmas eve before eating dinner and it went on through Christmas day and then a few days after that. I had mastered screen by this time so I was able to see that the machine was really chugging away. The reason was that the compiler used up all of my RAM and was hitting swap. After that I upgraded the machine and the new compilation took 40 minutes. 40 minutes then, seemed like getting DSL for the first time and then clicking on that 10MB file and thinking "What is going on here? A whole megabyte downloaded right in front of my eyes? In mere seconds?! I am never going outside again". I long for these exciting days. The mobile world has it, that's about it. More about 1999; Speaking of 1999, two other big things, the BeOS 5 Demo, booted from windows and was awesome, then there was the "Bootable Floppy Challenge" which was done by QNX ... it was quite impressive in the day. Ah very good then. Well since the CDC now says that blacks and women are the most at-risk for HIV, we should probably change the rules with the times then, right? What's that? It now sound horribly offensive, erroneous, and bad policy? Well sorry about that! Gotta be consistent you know. yes, that's the report that went out yesterday. The context of the discussion was "at-risk" in the spirit of "have it but don't know it" or "don't know what to do about it"; not in the spirit of "have it". You can go over to the early release of the data here: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm60e1129a1.htm?s_c... ... the people that get the least counseling, don't think they are at risk, etc, are those two groups. They are the ones that are most likely to have it and not know it or treat it and are also the ones to face the largest stigma in dealing with the issue. That's the context; it was the time window after infection but before high confidence of the results in the mouth swab test, which is the standard method used in such circumstances (and also the cheapest). Anyway, that is what I meant by it, and that's the report I was referring to when I said CDC. I didn't mean to say that gay people don't get it. try Tree style tab ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tree-style-ta... ) ... it's pretty awesome: http://qaa.ath.cx/manytabs.png General form appears to be as follows: http://www.facebook.com/ajax/report/social.php? __a=1& __d=1& attach_additional_photos=1& cid=((FBID))& content_type=0& h=((HASH BASED ON YOUR ACCOUNT))& phase=6& report_id=1& rid=((FBID)) After you get that initial hash then you can swap out the CID and the RID and get everyone else (I tried it for 3)... it's pretty easy. This issue is probably going to make mainstream news by noon. Sorry just got up ... anyway ... I got it through Firebug and was able to reproduce it in a FireFox Tab, so I assume it was a GET, although it may have been a POST; I didn't cURL the URL from outside the browser though; I'm sure you need cookies. I've often wondered who the Hitchcocks and Coppolas were of the Adult Film Genre. I've considered the idea that there are masterpiece films, dismissed for being erotic, that have gone unseen and unappreciated by the masses. Alas, I have yet to find a nice thorough list, akin to the AFI top 100 for the lewd. * If you know where this is, maybe you can also direct me to some reputable cult list; you know, that would have Todd Haynes and Kenneth Anger etc... inquiring minds want to know! What about the porno chic movement? Do I see Microsoft on GitHub?