Edinburgh, Scotland Surely anyone who has been on a Computer Science degree knows what the fixed point finder is! Just finished: "The Great War for Civilisation" - Robert Fisk "Life on the Mississippi" - Mark Twain "3 Commando Brigade" - Ewen Southby-Tailyour "Anathem" - Neal Stephenson I would suggest doing it sooner rather than later - there isn't that much to pick up and if you use a hosting service very little to install (I use the free service from Unfuddle - which is more than enough for my personal projects). To nitpick, isn't it really that "Selling advertising on the top of search is an extremely important and profitable business"? "if I am in the devil of a hole and want to get out of it, give me Shackleton every time" 1984, Orwell The Demon-Haunted World, Sagan That's probably not a bad rule when thinking about any career - actually speak to people doing it before deciding. I was actually thinking about doing a degree in geology just for the fun of it - then I saw what petroleum geologists get paid! I read Jared Diamond's book "Collapse" a few years ago and it certainly is a sobering book. I would agree with its thesis that we face a distinct possibility of our high tech "Western" society crashing - and due to the Threads linking us together this crash could be pretty hard. I would use the 100 million to investigate possible ways of mitigating the effects of such a crash. As the actual causes would be essentially unpredictable I'd pass on that effort and concentrate on what we could do to establish a degree of continuity of core areas of knowledge: maths, medicine, geography etc. One option would be to build bunkers full of useful books in remote locations (like the gene bank in the Svalbard). However, a better way might be to build a long lasting organisation set apart from our culture - very much like secular versions of medieval monasteries or the mathic concents in Neal Stephenson’s excellent Anathem. The problem is that if the OP's startup is a success then the University will come after him for what they perceive as his abuse of their property. Also if he has external investors unless he has disclosed this problem to them they could well sue him personally - I've been threated by legal action by an unhappy VC and that was also deeply unpleasant. If I was the OP I would walk away from his code - don't even take a copy of it. I would check with an IP lawyer what measures I would have to take to produce a "clean" copy that the University has no claim over and base whatever I did on that recommendation. At least if you do things that way you have some comeback against the lawyers. It is a tricky one - a sensible organisation would wish you the best of luck and hope that your eventual success reflects well on them. However dealing with any large bureacracy means that finding someone who will sign off on such a thing can be tricky! There are still 450 Minuteman III missiles deployed! That is a false dichotomy - kids should learn languages and get some exposure to a decent programming languages. As far as I am concerned, I'd like to read Proust (and Schiller) in the original languages but I'm not aware of anything in Ruby that I'm so keen to read. It's not like the Romans were exactly welcomed in all parts of Britain: "We, the last men on earth, the last of the free, have been shielded till today by the very remoteness and the seclusion for which we are famed. We have enjoyed the impressiveness of the unknown. But today the boundary of Britain is exposed; beyond us lies no nation, nothing but waves and rocks and the Romans, more deadly still than they, for you find in them an arrogance which no reasonable submission can elude. Brigands of the world, they have exhausted the land by their indiscriminate plunder and now they ransack the sea. The wealth of an enemy excites their cupidity, his poverty their lust of power. East and West have failed to glut their maw. They are unique in being as violently tempted to attack the poor as the wealthy. Robbery, butchery, rapine, with false names they call Empire; and they make a wilderness and call it peace." Part of what Calgacus is supposed to have said before the battle of Mons Graupius in North East Scotland. Well, they certainly provided a much needed stimulus to the local wall building industry. "What's to stop someone from creating content you don't agree with, and then putting your tag on it?" You could digitally sign it using secure private key (and if you want to be really secure store the private key on a secure hardware device). Use a X509 cert from a well known CA and pretty much anyone can check whether you wrote it or not. I'm saying this is a good idea though.... Damn - now I have to go and work out how I would implement this.... The trick would be to have a nice combination of a tag (which is always the same) and a digital signature that binds your tag to the content. This is all based on London - which is exceptional both in terms of what is considered a normal commute there and the cost of living there. Locals who are based in London get paid a lot more than the rest of us who choose to live in nicer parts of the UK. My own view is that London is great to visit but I would never want to have a job based there unless I was getting FU money, and even then I'd only do it for a year or two. twitcrime doubleplus ungood Maybe someone needs to create an equivalent of the emacs "Spook Mode" for twitter http://www.turing.org.uk/book/ You don't even need a digital signature - just have them publish a hash value for the files. David Lynch? Having moved by work laptop to 7 from Vista and my sons laptop from Vista to XP I can say that both are upgrades - with my own preference being for 7.