Isn't #3 what your network is for? Wow, that was sobering. First program was a basic spaceship animation in the 80s. Whoa. Great post. Makes me want to bring these concepts to my CEOand work out our core and cultural competencies. Or, you could use a catch all email address to give every site their own unique email: sitename@yourdomain.com. More outlined here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/219 Then you know who is selling/losing your email address. And pipe those particular addresses to /dev/null Yup, I have had that happen more than once with my company address ( that is hosted with google apps). 17 bucks a month is expensive? I find olark to be inexpensive and effective. No I am not an employee, just a happy customer. Yes, I believe this is pretty much standard practice. Keeps Google from getting confused by duplicate content and sends all the juice from links to one url rather than two. I've found that joining clubs (either informal, like the climbing club I was a member of) or formal (like the Odd Fellows or Masons or Kiwanis) is a great way to meet friends. You still have to deal with the time issues, but at least you don't have tensions of work--and as a plus you get to meet people with different types of employment and age. However, the main issue is that when you are in college and your early 20s, you tend have gobs of time to make friends--once you hit a certain age (or marital status or child status) other activities come first. Might as well celebrate the closeness with your family or your work achievements as kvetch about the difficulty of making friends. I'm in my mid 30s. Yeah, and that's cross browser and available today, in contrast to some of the other CSS mentioned. Short term health insurance doesn't offer much protection, and most accelerators are aimed at a short term commitment. However, I'd think it would be great if an accelerator would act as an umbrella organization, letting startups buy cheaper health insurance while small, through aggregation, even after the initial accelerator commitment is done. Good reasons not to use it: * you are only interested in developing for one platform--ios. * you have obj c and any other language talent in house, but don't have c# talent * you need to use tons of custom native libraries that the framework doesn't have bindings for * you want to avoid vendor lockin So much of this depends on context, some of which you provided. What is your comfort level with these technologies? What would your effective rate be for each of the scenarios? Are there components or databases (sql server) that make particular tech choices more sensible? How much time to tear down and start anew? What pressures or deadlines are you facing from the business? I don't see anything in your explanation that would push my opinion one way or another, which means that you should probably take the long term view and do the rewrite. Here's a post about basics of job descriptions, but it also has some tips for a/b testing your hiring posts: http://katemats.com/benefits-job-description-prove-wrong/ Resumes are for chumps. Don't do it, spend the time getting to know the company you want to work for, or people you'd like to work with. Frankly, I don't want to compete on the basis of my resume! Keywords and biz speak are hard to avoid on these documents. And now that everyone can spray their resume at hiring managers without licking a stamp, sending in a resume really is a waste of time. It almost always has been that way, read 'What Color is Your Parachute' for a taste of job hunting over the past few decades. Get to know someone at the company, do a contract to hire, do a gig, volunteer with someone, even read and comment on a blog or twitter feed of someone in the company. All these are far more likely to lead to conversations that will let you know if you actually want to work there, and if you'll be a good fit. Can I ask what you use it for? Regression testing? A web directory? Here's a post about what data sources Apple is using: http://mobile.theverge.com/2012/6/11/3078987/apple-tomtom-op... I did the same thing, but it was a ticket to Australia and a work visa. One benefit of taking this kind of time off is that it lets you know what you truly love. After a few months of kicking around, reading books in parks, seeing sites and meeting some cool folks, I found myself reading web tech articles. That was an eye opener to me--"hey, I really like this career path!" I found it interesting that he barely touched what I feel is the most important part of freelancing: marketing. Yes, right now you can name your price if you are a good developer, but how do you show that, and how do you evaluate projects? (I know he touched on what kind of clients to keep.) When I freelanced, I evaluated clients on three criteria: * had I worked with them in the past? * did I know anyone who had worked with them in the past? * everyone else If I trusted them or people who had worked with them, it made the engagement easier all around (though you still need a contract!). As far as finding new clients, I relied on word of mouth, which probably didn't lead to as many opportunities as would have occurred if I was more active in various communities, but I was ok with that at the time. Also, I wonder what the author moved on to? Your story proves that sometimes you have to find a bigger crowd and/or a different approach, not that crowd sourcing sucks. Either way, nice work! Hmmm. Interesting post. I might say that the closer community members are, the more the reward or incentive is getting to know the other members rather than fame or money. After all, that is the reward for interacting with offline communities based on close ties like family. Well, except for interactions with that rich uncle /sarcasm. Or, an equivalent statement, if the love you have for the folks is strong enough to survive through the crises. It's easy to love folks when everything is going swimmingly. (BTW, I have no idea what crises, if any, the author and their company have gone through. Maybe that'd be a good post for them?) Go to a meetup in your area. Go to a bunch, in fact. Some focusing on an industry you'd like to freelance for, some focusing on a technology you are familiar with. Talk to people at said meetups. When you find someone looking for what you are offering, do a small project with them. That lowers risk for you and for them. Make sure you have a written contract and set of requirements, and that you know if you are billing hourly or per project. Wash, rinse, repeat. I'd stay away from odesk/elance because you'll be competing on price. I met one client from Craigslist, so you could check there, but I'd limit it to your area, because face to face communication is important. Especially for your first couple of contracts. Also, I'd look for a more senior freelancer to take to coffee for advice on this kind of stuff. You are correct, it is a correlation, not a causation. I think I mentioned that in the disclaimers. It is really hard to control for all the variables (price, motivation of seller, location, who the listing agent knows, what style of home is hot), but all other things being equal, it's better to have more photos for a listing. In fact, since it is one of the easiest things to control (it's a lot easier to snap 25 photos than change the price point of a house) I'd argue it is one of the things home sellers should expect. Would love to hear your suggestions on making this more rigorous. Off the top of my head, it'd be interesting to list a set of same homes twice, once with few photos and once with many photos, and see what the difference in response was. Unfortunately, that is a bit beyond my scope for the time being. Thanks for the joke! I appreciate your comments. I like the idea of option number two, because it still gets to the end goal--a sale. It'd be a bigger project than I want to take on, though. Option number three gauges interest in a scientific manner, but assumes that interest is a valid proxy for the end goal of a sale. I'm not sure how true that assumption is. I've window shopped homes that I had no intention (nor capability) of buying. My employer one had a record day because one of the homes on the site was a football player's and had gotten mentioned in an ESPN blog. In both cases, interest was only vaguely related to purchase capability. Testing all the way to the end of the funnel (home sale) is key, and difficult.