I rather enjoyed "The Truth About Hacker news and Communists." Apparently, "All persons claiming to suffer from hacker news are in fact shape-changing aliens." http://www.verifiedfacts.org/i/hacker%20news/NDM1MTE Good luck to all! Hope the new size works out well too. This seems incredibly unnecessary, especially since I might actually use their exchange if they ran one. (More design chops than most of the abhorrent exchanges.) Though an alert() is a rather inelegant confirmation... This article inaccurately lumps all software companies into one bucket. As rohamg points out, he makes a black and white argument about engineering vs. sales politics, while the reality is that this differs a lot by company. In fact, many of the larger software companies seem to be driven primarily by sales (including, increasingly, Google). At the smaller companies (incl. startups), it absolutely makes sense for engineering to be of primary importance. At this level, being able to constantly adjust to customers' desires is essential, and an engineering emphasis helps with that. This also flies in the fact of the supposed arrogance of engineers. If anything, I think sales people are the more arrogant ones: they think customers just need to be sold on a product, while engineers understand iterating on feedback is key to growth. Beyond being extremely generic, his advice underplays the importance of deliberate practice at coding. Honestly, if you can hack, the jobs will come. Sure, you might need to network a little, but the skills are the basis. Nobody from my school with technical chops is unemployed or without good internships. Meanwhile all the students who network and promote themselves but don't code are stuck in unpaid internship after unpaid internship. Fair enough. I did the same in high school, and it's certainly a good start. However, if people really want to be hired, they should focus on developing serious tech chops. ie. more than just slicing PSDs. While his research is very interesting, I'm not sure Sid Kouider actually can say much about consciousness. He came to speak at my school and his philosophy basically boils down to "working memory = consciousness." However, this definition of consciousness is highly disputed. Specifically, it fails to account for any of consciousness's phenomenological aspects. One might feasibly construct a computer to simulate working memory, but it seems unlikely that such a mechanism would be truly "conscious." Ultimately, Koudier is attempting to answer with science what philosophy hasn't even yet established a framework for. I'm pretty sure increased urbanization accounts for a lot of it. Also, more exposure to international communities where not driving is normal. At least, that's my justification for never learning to drive. All I get from this is: 1) You can use buzzwords. 2) If I can cure cancer, I'll be rich. Great insights there. I wish these courses would be less newbish. I might not know Objective-C, but I know what a variable is. Not exactly sure how this article defends its headline at all. Considering that the author points to Motorola and Facebook Home as wins, his grasp of the tech scene seems rather weak. I think I'm confused on what the term freemium means. I always thought it meant a product with both a free and paid tiers. This doesn't seem to match with "For example, Freemium works really well when your user IS the product." Such services, like the Facebook example he cites, are free, not freemium. Right? It's called an IPO, and the structures are in place for a reason. Can you actually imagine the difficulty of keeping 170 million "investors" updated on the status of the company? You'd have to share so many reports, make sure everything is done fairly, release regular earnings. Oh, wait, that's exactly what the SEC requires for doing IPOs... Seriously though, it'd be a scary world where everyone is an investor. Most people just aren't qualified to understand risk and make smart decisions for the future of the company. Startups would end up with no revenue and people's investments would be worthless. Seriously, this has to be a joke. A very elaborate one, which half of HN is apparently playing along with... I mean, in Soylent Green it's all about "freeing your body" as well. Do we know that they send your password in plain text? Not technically. You can do client-side encryption so that only the hash is sent, via Javascript. I think interviews can often be a dicey proposition since ultimately an interview should be explicitly focused on the person. So if you just want general advice from them, an interview works well. But if you want to find out what the think about Thing X that you're making, an interview isn't really appropriate. Good piece. But why no attribution on the blatant paraphrase of another Madison quote? "If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary." Given that the police have decided to, essentially, wage war on the people why don't we try fighting back? The majority might not care, but "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world." (Margaret Mead) Dump money into personal lawsuits against officers committing negligent attacks such that they are financially ruined. Attend town meetings and demand sever cutbacks in the budgets of police departments acting this way. Put lobbying dollars to work and get change from the top down. Wonder how this relates to Random Hacks of Kindness? http://www.rhok.org/ I was hoping to find out whether I'm actually as lazy as I thought... :( I don't think this really speaks to any growth in that market sector. Rather, Google is just taking over the low-end sector with software which matches the abysmal hardware. Basically we're looking at the bifurcation of the market. People who can afford it have Apple devices and everyone else will end up with Google products subsidized by advertising dollars. Yet another miscarriage of justice. The entire line of logic seems to have been that because Apple's actions led to increased prices it must be a conspiracy. Amazon was, and is, the monopolist using classic monopolist tactics (lock-in, undercutting prices, etc.) to retain a monopoly. Of course once their monopoly was ensured they'd pivot to make a true profit if pesky Apple hadn't interfered: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/05/business/as-competition-wa... I can't help but feel that this was driven by politics/optics (to your average person, of course lower prices is better). List of fellows here: http://hackny.org/a/2013/06/hackny-announces-the-class-of-20... *was a fellow