> There is, it's called "Chinese OEM manufacturers". > (Yes, I know that an 'OEM manufacturer' is like an 'ATM machine'.) OEM means "Original Equipment Manufacturer". > When things like this happen, I always hope that consumers that got screwed over by the deal (and people that hear about it) avoid the acquiring company after the fact. If they treat pebble customers like this, how will they treat their own customers later? Well, the CEO of Pebble Technology, Corp is joining YC. Also, the services aren't shutting down right away. If everyone gets their money back, the major downside is the lack of warranty and the lack of fixes to the product. Especially any security & reliability fixes. As a Pebble 2 owner who is happy with the product as-is I am not sure if I should be happy I did receive my Pebble 2. You're missing my point. "OEM manufacturer" would mean "original equipment manufacturer manufacturer". > My only complaint is they try and be clever and detect when you move your wrist up to look at it, so it auto-shows you notifications. This sucks because it's not totally reliable (so half the time I press the button to bring up notifications and it ends up dismissing them because they are already in view, and other times it triggers due to an incorrect motion). I wish you could turn that off but I haven't found a way yet. The Pebble watchface Time Orbit by Spectre Collie has the very same problem. I love the watchface looks, but if you tilt it, it decides to show other info such as date. It is a usability problem. There's a rather large difference between the Vector and Pebble though. I checked various Vector watches and saw most at 500 USD, with one at 400 USD. So the cheapest Vector appears to be about 4 times more expensive than a Pebble 2 Classic. I don't know, that just doesn't seem like a fair comparison. > but a lot of other Pebble users are pointing to this one as an alternative. Yeah, that's all nice, but what about the price comparison? I had a look and the cheapest Vector I found was 400 USD. In contrast, the Pebble 2 via Kickstarter cost 100 USD (OK, with VAT and S&H it was 115 USD for me). > I couldn't find anything about that, so it doesn't look like it supports that yet. But I assume that it is being developed. You see, that's the problem. Pebble has been around for multiple years and had an ecosystem going. A lot of applications and watchfaces with functionality. Pebble 2 versions also have a HRM. A Core would have a GPS. You wouldn't even need a phone w/that. My Pebble 2 sync with Google Fit as well. That's a big plus for sports like running and hiking (running with a phone sucks, esp as phones become larger and larger). Vector looks classy, like a Pebble Round I guess, and it has a huge benefit in 30 days battery. Even if your battery is starting to wear out you'll still be able to use it for a long time, unlike the one day flies like Samsung and Apple. What Samsung and Apple have going for it, is research into usability. I'm not saying they're there yet but their products are iterations on usability R&D. The usability isn't quite there yet. That's why smartwatches aren't there yet. People know this. They read reviews. They speak to people who got the watch. I saw someone with a Vector saying they had a scratch on their screen. I'm worried about the same on my Pebble 2. Previously, I'd just buy a new one (a new official screen for my phone would cost 85 EUR; which is a lot less than the average SGS or iPhone). I really wouldn't want that on a 400 USD product without knowing beforehand how much a fix would be. One thing I still miss with my Pebble is a simple shop list on my watch. I end up grabbing my phone while in the grocery store for Google Keep just waiting for that day a kid runs into me and oops, it falls, ca-ching 85 EUR new screen. Agreed. TANSTAAFL, and I guess it is the old left (as in everyone equal) vs right (free choice) debate. We get free bread for lunch. Cool, but I don't wanna eat bread. Coffee is free. Cool, but it is bad quality, my el cheapo espresso machine at home is even better. Plus I'll experience a massive down in the evening. Oh hey, not the employer's problem. I've never seen free soda anywhere, but the thing is: it is just a lot of sugar, with too little water. I won't drink that if I get paid for it. At least water is free, and that's important in the summer. I'm free to go grab a cup, and the walk is healthy, too. Then there's these parties 'for team spirit', with all kind of fried food. Cool. Guess who pays for that? Screw all this. Like you said; "I'd rather get paid a little bit more." Gee, I really screwed up there with reading and comprehending. I don't know what I was thinking. You're right, of course. I find it plausible that self driving cars with the same software can perfectly understand each other via predefined behaviour patterns. If you follow that premise, it becomes less safe to drive manually. So, under this premise, the modus operandi is to be automatic pilot instead of manual where perhaps manual driving is even illegal because it is less predictable. The question wouldn't be, if this change happens; its when . Where's the turning point? One could argue its up to our politicians to decide. I'd be interested in data from other trends such as smoking. When was the turning point there, and what was the "market penetration" of smokers vs non-smokers or proponents and opposers? > very specific and nonintuitive usage of "free" Supposedly it is because the word libre isn't recognized well enough in English. Quoting: "To emphasize that “free software” refers to freedom and not to price, we sometimes write or say “free (libre) software,” adding the French or Spanish word that means free in the sense of freedom. In some contexts, it works to use just “libre software.”" And: "We stand for freedom, and we show it every time—by saying “free” and “libre”— or “free (libre)”." https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/floss-and-foss.en.html Perhaps liberty software or liberal software would work... > If Google wants to charge Apple iPhone prices, they can't continue with Google level service. This differs per jurisdiction, but in general you are entitled by law to receive a working device without flaws. In my jurisdiction this even extends beyond warranty. For example, you can expect a car, a door, or a guitar to work beyond 2 years. This law is irregardless of what you paid for the product or what the perceived quality is. The law even extends to software updates (security & reliability fixes). As for Apple, they managed to ship my MBP 2010 with a broken discrete GPU yet fail to replace it. They also try to scam customers into buying extended warranty which basically is an anti harassment tax. Why don't they have some kind of postal address where the phone can be send to? The phone was send from one, why don't they have a return address for RMA? And, (FWIW, in NL) if it does fall under warranty, the additional S&H costs would be on the seller; not the buyer. > I would say that in a society like that, there is more amiss than simply a lack of free speech. Every society (and community) has norms which are acceptable, and those which are not. If a person decides to not live according to those norms they're an outcast and will be dealt with as such. The society is like a living organism which will protect its norms in order to survive akin to an auto immune system. Because of these principles every society lives within its own bubble, too. I suppose Von Trier's Dogville touches upon the subject, but there's countless examples available from Swartz to Snowden. If someone has another (or better, more accurate) example I'm interested hearing yours. > but last time I was there, electronics were generally much more expensive than in the US. There are various factors: * VAT is always included unless (if its aimed at business solely, like IBM, then this doesn't seem to be the case, but then that is being mentioned) * Relatively low EUR. The EUR also isn't doing so well compared to the USD. * Storage tax. This to compensate the entertainment industry. * Environmental taxes. The price you see in store is the price you're gonna pay (excluding S&H but the seller has to inform you on that before the sale is finalized). I find that practical. > since they preclude inexpensive short-term-use or disposable electronics. Which I consider a great thing because its better for the environment (although not good enough). I'm not interested in buying a new phone every year because the software isn't updated anymore, or because the battery isn't allowing me to use the phone for a whole day anymore. That's why -after burning myself with various cheap and expensive brands- I got myself a Fairphone. No, it isn't perfect and it won't run the latest version of Android, but at least it will have all security & reliability fixes backported. Monthly . At the very least its a step in the right direction, and the Fairphone is leading by example. Do you have credible sources to prove the significant factor is race? You see, I believe your point, but that won't convince those who believe it wasn't influenced by racism. They'll say "conspiracy theory" and move on. Disregarding cannabis, it also seemed to me that LSD was to become illegal to harass the hippie community. But how to prove this? The way this works appears to be rather easy; you look at the characteristics of your political opponents, and then decide what they have in common which your status quo group doesn't. Then a process is begun to incite FUD. Once that campaign in successful you got momentum in your group and you make a law which makes that thing illegal. > Meanwhile I often joke that the highly permissive BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are for commies. On the contrary. Let us use Politicalcompass [1] as spectrum. Gist of it: x = left v. right economics, y = libertarian vs authoritarian. Now, communism (not Trotsky; the communism as we have seen in countries in the 20th century) is left on x, but high on y because its highly authoritarian. BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are more permissive than GPL, and its obvious GPL is more authoritarian in this way. But because the GPL enforces the code to (mostly) stay the way it is, it is more left-wing than BSD/MIT/etc. [1] https://politicalcompass.org > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? "New" is difficult to assess. I'd say: GPLv3, Libreboot (fork of Coreboot). But it depends on what you find important. A starting point is here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#High_... > 2. He doesn't let the FSF be larger than him. > Who's their 2nd in command? Fallacy, easily disproven at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#Struc... I guess you never heard of Eben Moglen (who's a lawyer and does great work with advocacy and public speeches), or Bradley Kuhn from FSF Europe. > Who'll take over after he passes on? Did you know who'd gonna take over Microsoft or Apple beforehand? No. > What will the FSF look like in 30 years? What will USA, Microsoft, Google, or Apple look like in 30 years? shrug > The last few years, everything he's written seems goofy and childish This is you growing older and wiser, and his old rhetoric being outdated (someone like Eben Moglen, or even Edward Snowden is more up2date). You'll find the same to be true in other idealistic writings or speeches. > Didn't libreboot start outside the FSF, then come inside, and is now trying to get out? Yup, drama, long story. The question was though: > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? Looking at the original question: former packages qualify, as long as they're new . When does this 'new' qualify though? Perhaps not here because of Libreboot being based on Coreboot. As soon as a project joins GNU though, it becomes "GNU Name" and it is officially a new project. Development of Hurd was started in 1990. So we're looking at least from 1991. A list of current GNU packages is available at [1] and [2]. Of note, I suppose GNOME qualifies. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_GNU_packages [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU#Components Not a new concept. I guess its akin to "eat your own dogfood". I'd also compare it to how everyone at McDs starts from bottom up. In your example though what if an employee is so plain awkward on the phone that they're performing badly. Still on Holiday Help duty? > Rosa Parks (and the less famous women who did the same thing and preceded her), for example, are certainly heroes. Not every activist or revolutionist is violent. Sticking to known examples: Gandhi is another excellent non violent example. Sticking to politics, Nelson Mandela. Mark Felt, also a whistleblower. More recent examples are William Binney, Edward Snowden, Julian Assange. These are my examples, of people I consider heroes. History will decide who the public's heroes were. These people go against authority, often get ignored or bullied in return, including loved ones and relatives. Like the poster from Fargo, "What If You're Right And They're Wrong". It indeed takes great courage and often sacrifice to go against the tide. That support employee who's ignoring his protocol and is risking a sneer (or worse) from his boss, the one telling you truth while he's now allowed? He's performing one heroic deed . If its a pattern, we can speak of a hero. > Show me a better world that actually works. Try teleporting back to the 20th century and experience the internet in its full glory. Without advertising. > What happened with the idea that ads were a means you had to get to know useful products? It died a long, long time ago. This guy, Freud's nephew, is what happened: Edward Bernays [1]. As covered in Adam Curtis excellent documentary on the subject of the history of propaganda and advertising "The Century Of The Self" [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Bernays [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Century_of_the_Self > If all ads were banned forever from existence, how would anyone discover anything new? By word of mouth. I know, not a novel idea, but it seems to work quite well on this very website! The fallacy is that ads were never informative anyway. Its not obnoxious now because uBlock and spam filters works so well, and HTML5 killed Flash. If you don't take such quality filters into account, advertising is far, far worse nowadays. We're talking about everything before the dotcom boom here. The internet was a lot bigger than WWW, and Macromedia Flash (and Doubleclick) were initiated in 1996. That covers less than 5% of the 20th century. Also, Flash wasn't (ab)used right away for advertising, and if one didn't have it installed not much was missed. Perhaps an online Flash game or two didn't work. No big deal. There was spam on Usenet (the first spam coming from Digital Equipment Corp or was it SUN in the early 80s) and IRC, but it wasn't acceptable . > I hate this shit. Between adblocking and piracy, people are just going to push publishers into a new form of advertising where they don't even know they are being advertised to. This is going to mean more "sponsored posts" on sites you love and less authentic content. Its going to mean your favorite movies crammed with product placement ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfHuZ5qrYX4 ). Its going to mean a distrust of anything you see on the web much greater than exists today. Its going to mean every product review you read about will be 90% about the affiliate payment they get and 10% because of the product itself. If this'd happen en masse this allows competition in the market of reviewers, news sites, and social network sites. It also allows for fact checking (which perhaps even gets automated). The model which works is akin to seed fund, or open source development by contract. There'd be say a review in the make of a product X. In order for it to be made, Y USD is required. This is then gathered via crowd funding. Then those who paid get early access, week later its in the public domain. The model isn't even new. LWN uses it, to name an example. > Entire neighborhoods are no-go zones. There are "demonstrations" on a monthly basis in pretty much every large city in Holland [...] The amount of looting during those demonstrations is absurd (ie. walking through the shopping street on the day after has them looking like a warzone). Really? In Holland? I'm from Holland, and I live near Amsterdam which I think qualifies for "pretty much every large city". Where exactly in Amsterdam are these demonstrations with looting you're talking about? How do you even define "demonstration"? Also, have you considered the news isn't newsworthy on a national or international level, but is on a local level? News from Amsterdam can be found on at5.nl, tho personally I hardly ever read that. Rotterdam has their own local newspapers and news website as well. Etc. > There is a Middle African refugee problem, but "somehow" this has escaped the attention of newspapers). This is plain bullshit. The African refugee problem (whom were mainly arriving in Italy) was well documented in Dutch media. It is just that such is not being reported much anymore because the other refugee problem is newer and supposedly much larger. > Julien Assange Julian Assange