Also feels like a regression. What's wrong with keeping that option? Regex is universal way of matching strings. > difficult or impossible using just a regex search I am sorry but this isn't true. I can prove it. Regex is used to parse the program itself that runs APT, this is called Lexical analysis[1]. GNU Bison and Flex [2] are lexical analyzers for example that compile a lot of code we write today. So whatever pattern matching code was written in C as part of the APT 2.0 package, that code itself is read and compiled by regex. So, it provably cannot be impossible to do a match using this new feature you're referring to that cannot be matched using plain old regex. Difficulty is subjective depending on who the target demographic is. All these things are actually moot - it doesn't cost you anything to keep Regex option to search for some package names, perhaps a bit of additional code to maintain. Also, other means of pattern matching can be added in addition to regex search feature. Why not both? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexical_analysis [2] https://aquamentus.com/flex_bison.html I am not an expert at epidemiology but I found WHO's leadership sorely lacking, profoundly confused and generally weak in every way. Let this be a lesson to learn for western democracies to not put all of their eggs in one basket. Diversification, localization and strategic globalization of the supply chain should be at the forefront of the issues to be discussed, ratified and acted upon after this pandemic is over. When one country manufactures 90% of world's goods (not accurate, to make a point), while the top 1% gets their bonuses for increasing profit margins, this is what we have. We've lost skills, we've lost our stance to manufacture things in our own homeland. It is depressing, deeply worrying and feels like the entire world has been gutted out by one country. Just to make it clear - think about this scenario - what would happen if one country made the food for the rest of the world? (Thankfully, we don't, but it can happen). What about pharmaceuticals? (Unfortunately, 90% of the world's generic drugs are made in Asia, primarily in India who in turn depends on China) [1]. [1] China is the world's largest raw materials exporter for Drugs: https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-opens-door-to-foreign-dru... Edit: I just realized that some of the startup and entrepreneurs around the world are on this forum, if you'd like to get into manufacturing, want to learn about more abstract concepts of manufacturing, I implore you to checkout: Manufacturing Planning and Control for Supply Chain Management reference book - https://books.google.com/books/about/Manufacturing_Planning_... This book is absolute gold . Manufacturing is like playing this game Factorio (google it) but in real life. It is an exciting field ripe for innovation, many very hard problems and unlimited potential (and a lot of risk as well). I don't have a good answer. First and foremost, the shipping rates for consumer goods from China is outrageously low. People buying from Germany to Australia to USA - $2 shipped PCBs and $4 toys shipped - all have one thing in common: Shipping cost is highly subsized because of this treaty - https://www.vox.com/2018/10/19/17996378/trump-china-universa... Specifcally, the problem is the Universal Postal Union: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Postal_Union Locally made goods can benefit from some tax breaks and government subsidies as well, but the aforementioned problem needs to be resolved. Alas, it won't be because executives keep lobbying and paying off key decision makers. The whole thing is corrupt. I don't agree with President Trump on majority of things, but I try to not let bias triumph over logic, pragmatism and rational ideas; no matter who is pushing them. It is not about autarky, but diversification and resiliency of the supply chain. Automakers are experts at this - BMW cars made in USA (South Carolina) have US made parts and ones made in Germany have locally sourced parts from Germany, yet the ones made in South Africa have diversified sources - both local and international. If you're in the US, you can see this % of locally made parts right on the window price sticker. It's not just for show - if there is a shortage of headliners in US, it can import it for a short term needs from Europe and vice-versa. No one is suggesting complete in-house isolation aka Autarky, but to avoid SPOF (single point of failure) supply chains - probability of each link breaking adds up when your supply chain is 18 levels deep from an iPhone to the copper mine. Let's go to the source of this problem - Corn/Wheat lobbyist paying off lawmakers in DC. This is the root cause of American sell out. It is an awful system that needs to be completely dismantled, criminilized and banned. Please don't tell me about how each special group has the right to lobby... this is an asymmetrical game. As the corn/wheat lobbyists lobby, who is opposing them? No one. And, as their interests are in billions of dollars, it is literally impossible of oppose. I am willing to bet, large number of America's problems can be traced straight to the abhorrently corrupt process of lobbying. https://berniesanders.com/issues/money-out-of-politics/ You could vote for him if you're in the US. College Prep is a giant business that needs to be dismantled. They have a monopoly in this area. IMO each college should be doing their own objective test. Definitely agree about subjective tests - smooth talkers will get ahead. But that's already the case in getting a job after they graduate - interviewing process is already broken. It needs to be dismantled due to monopoly. I’m not sure how. Those are orthogonal. I think it’s pretty insane that a single company is a gatekeeper to elite institutions. I’m honestly not sure of the solution, but the problem is pretty evident. College Prep could raise exam fees by 200% tomorrow and you have no law, no oversight from the government or anything preventing them from doing so. Absolute monopoly. They’re no different than professors in bed with book publishers, mandating a particular book for the course. Students need to spend $350 on a textbook is insanity. Not sure if I agree, more likely is the following: - Apple presumably is subsidizing hardware if it leads to larger NPV for their service business and recurring revenues for the lifetime of the said hardware. For instance, if a user buys an iPhone, they're more likely to buy Apple music, News+, iCloud storage plans, etc. This is akin to, in extreme case, Sony Playstation - they're often sold at a loss hoping to create future revenue streams from games. The reason why they can get away from selling Playstation consoles at a loss is because without buying games, it is completely useless piece of hardware. In the case of iPhone, it is not quite the same as Playstation because you don't need Apple Music to use an iPhone. Coronavirus has an incubation period of avg 5 days, and it gets contagious on the 2nd day. So, no, that will not work unless we have billions of tests and we test every citizen 3 times a week. Given that we don't have tests, and we cannot test every citizen with force; this is not gonna work. This cannot be stated enough. Why is it so difficult to understand for most people that MacOS is a much larger part of the equation than simply comparing mac vs. pc hardware? The engine behind moore's law is that for the same given silicon area, we can pack more and more transistors. So what, one might say? Because if we can cram more and more die on a wafer (which has remained a standard 300mm diameter since 2000's) then the $/die goes down. Running a semiconductor fab is about how many wafers can be processed per unit time (or also known as WS/W or wafer starts per week). I see problems with this analogy but that's fine, its an analogy after all :) "If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, we would produce a billion rolls royces a year, get a million miles per gallon, can transport 10000 people per car and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. Oh and it would cost $3.50 per car." Design is not just about how a thing looks or what kind of shape it has, but the intelligence that goes into how it works. From the video - it is exchanging encrypted IDs between 2 phones over bluetooth, this is potentially huge if adopted around the world. I wonder if other governments can get in touch with SG government to fork this solution if privacy across countries is of concern. http://archive.is/MSgJs Any virologists here? Is it possible that we may have a grave future where a virus emerges with R0 value of 6-7 (such as measles virus), long incubation period (10 days, contagious on 2nd day) and a death rate of 50-100% (such as Ebola)? A virus with the combination of all of the aforementioned properties would guarantee complete extinction of humans (or we get very close to it). Should we consider ourselves lucky? Edit: my intent wasn't to incite panic, but to learn about the virology, molecular biology and the physics of transmission. I am truly alarmed and completely unqualified to say this but I'll throw it there anyways - I would vote for reducing military spending by 90% and increasing pandemic R&D, hygiene and medicine spending by 10000%. If a nation is nuclear armed, we don't need a massive military perhaps. Isn’t this is literally survivorship-bias? There are a lot of events that can happen in future which has no precedence. But I generally agree with you, it’s hard to speculate. This is horrific. I am gonna use this term "Don't burn your bridges until after you've cross them" to communicate that contagious incubation period is extremely dangerous and the reason why the current Coronavirus epidemic turned into a global pandemic. Thus, testing is by far the most important capability to have - it is a litmust test whether the pathogen is ready to build one of those bridges to cross. I am seeing a distinct lack of emphasis on “You’re contagious even before you realize you have COVID-19”. Instead of just telling people “Stay home”, we need to provide the reason why. I don’t see that in White House briefings. In the press. No where. It seems to be that the spread of the virus is fundamentally linked to this incubatory contagious effects, otherwise this whole Coronavirus pandemic would have been a localized epidemic in Wuhan. Can we press hard on this? Tell everyone you know. The press isn’t doing their job, it feels. iPad OS (and iOS) has 1 major flaw and no one seems to be talking about it: - The animations/effects etc take way too long. It is fatiguing to work on it because every action takes at least 2+ seconds with a dozen animations, each one lasting 100ms-300ms! Try the following task yourself: Copy a piece of text from safari and create a new note in the Notes app, and paste it in there. While you're doing this, time it. Seriously, do it. And then do it 10 times. See how tired you get. We need a completely new operating system with absolutely zero animations. You know what happens when you launch vim from CLI? It starts up. No animations. CLI is a pain to work with at times, but this aspect is so critical to putting a smile on the users face. Everything would instantly become insanely fast. I understand the value of animations - they're there to provide context, where something slides in and slides out from. This is fine for iPhone. But not for a workstation. I also understand that I can disable motion in accessibility settings but it still doesn't disable all of them. Also, that's not the default so that's a moot point. This is such a low hanging fruit to speed up things, but alas, we have UX/UI designers that insist on "sleek" and "sexy" UX/UI without delving into the fundamentals of what makes a product or software pleasant to use. While you're at it, you'd also improve the UX - battery life because you're not churning transparency effects and motion blur through the GPU pipes. Yes, battery life is "UX" IMO. I knew this would come up, thus I already addressed it in my comment above. That's not the default. And it still doesn't feel good - because animations are at the core of the UX/UI of Apple software. IMO the software needs to be designed from ground up with strict understanding of productivity and less marketing/design/aesthetics/animation. "Reduce motion" seems like an after thought hidden deep in the accessibility settings.