Werkzeug had an example with the same semantics (decorator for URL rules and returning strings and response objects from functions) for a long time. But neither did Werkzeug come up with that, the original idea was TurboGears which did it that way. So by that logic, bottle is a cheap knockoff. However, I do have to point out that denied is a joke which should be pretty obvious from reading the source and watching the screencast (and quite frankly, just by looking at the website in detail). Well, the run() function was intended to be a very bad example of API. Because there is that magical application object you never see that run magically picks up. There is another example of really bad API in denied: there is a template render function internally (you have to read the code behind the code to see that) which magically accepts both filenames for templates and template source strings. And there are a couple of more examples of really, really bad ideas in that code. Because I wanted that trendy "fork me on github" badge on the website. And for that a code repository has to exist :) > Huh, weird. This seems to crib very heavily from my original Simple JavaScript Inheritance implementation: http://ejohn.org/blog/simple-javascript-inheritance/ It is, see the AUTHORS file which credits that URL. In fact I was using a slightly modified version of your code for a long time but had to do some changes in order to use it for a project of mine. Basically I need classes implemented in a way that they will work in the presence of any other JavaScript framework. Reason: this JavaScript is injected into unknown code by a middleware system. > It even uses the 'classy' name and logo (stemming from an April Fools joke that I ran that used the aforementioned inheritance implementation): http://ejohn.org/blog/classy-query/ Interesting. I did not know that one. Name was rather obvious and did not return any direct hits with projects named like this so I went with it. The original drawing of that logo is the search result on Google images for "classy" with filter set to linedrawing. Original author unknown, I just vectorized it. > ... but on the whole it looks very very similar to the original implementation that I wrote. Odd. If you want a more obvious attribution than the AUTHORS file, just let me know. Other changes besides hasOwnProperty, the ability to use the library without modifying window, and $ prefixed names so that it does not clash with custom attributes is a more python/javascript inspired naming scheme for special methods and attributes (__init__ etc.) and support for mixins. Also attributes are properly removed if they were unset previously and not just reassigned with undefined and classes can be instanciated without new like in Python. Can't count how often my code did funny stuff because I forgot new there :) All in all, the idea is to have that fairly common piece of object orientated JavaScript class bootstrapping under an open source license so that anyone can use it. I hope I succeeded with that. > The reversal of the "extends" paradigm is interesting. It seems very natural. What made you go with that? I think the earliest version of that was prototype which I think used Class.create and Object.extend. I've seen that in many JavaScript class implementations so far. > I use Crockford's object.beget rather than normal JS constructors, and that works quite fine. Crockford's beget patches on Object which I think is a terrible idea. The main reason why people create class libraries on top of JavaScript is the constructor problem (that setting up the "inheritance chain" triggers the constructor even though we only want the prototype). "however i am not using werkzeug anymore as i don't like the way people act in #pocoo on freenode. this is the only reason i am not using werkzeug. they are ignorant and i don't like it." Would be nice to know if this is a general thing or if we did something in particular wrong. Because if that is what you remember of this channel we should really improve our behaviour then. So it would be nice if you could elaborate on that. I'm embarrassed it had to come to that, but the testsuite was lacking tests for templates in folders and a bug sneaked in. Hopefully it will work with any WSGI application because even Django applications might use WSGI components and thus have a custom WSGI application object. posixpath.normpath can never leave ./ in front: >>> import posixpath >>> posixpath.normpath('./../test') '../test' > The author also makes a common mistake: blacklisting as safe string escaping. Which is why it says "at the very least". Werkzeug's secure filename function explicitly only whitelists characters in filenames. > Moreover, this whole article embodies the statement NEVER, EVER, IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES TRUST USER INPUT. The problem is that often you will assume that certain APIs were written with that in mind when they were not. os.path.join for instance looks very innocent. I expect my database abstraction layer also to handle SQL injection projection for me, so I would be very confused if SQLAlchemy turned out to not escape strings passed in as placeholders. Sympathy or not, these things happen. > I really hoped Armin would come around, and I committed to Werkzeug for a new project with eyes on 3. All commits to Werkzeug are currently happening with a port to Python 3 in mind. However I am not going to do the same mistake the standard library made in many parts and change the semantics of the library for Python 3 and trusting 2to3 to do the correct thing. A full port of Werkzeug to Python 3 will take time but it will happen eventually. The point here is that everybody should go with Python 2.7 and write the code forwards compatible. Then you have all the options (of going with PyPy if you need and upgrading to Python 3 if it's worth the effort). All I can say right now is that so far users are not too eager with Python 3 yet and I have limited resources as well. If anyone wants to help out, I am more than happy to assist in any way possible to make Werkzeug run on Python 3. I also monitor changes in the stdlib that could affect WSGI on Python 3, so it's not that I'm ignoring it. Python is not on the way to suicide. All I said was that right now you shouldn't be too concerned with Python 3 yet and instead make your own code upwards compatible. If your base Python version is 2.7 upgrading will not be the biggest problem, especially not if you are working on a high level like you do when you use a web framework. He is not. I had that post mirrored on that website for a blog post about a year ago. I have no idea who submitted that here. In Python versions older than 2.6 and on Google appengine it's the only reliable way to generate bytecode. For things like template engines this is important to not add extra overhead over an already slow language. > If your application's bottleneck is in parsing templates, either everything else is really fast or you have way too many complex templates. There are countless of examples where the template engine is the bottleneck of an application. If you are doubting that, I welcome you to try it yourself. Benchmarking Django's templates and Genshi is an eye opening experience. :) Never trust a benchmark you didn't run yourself. A realistic Genshi template is butt slow. More than a handful function calls per byte emitted is not uncommon. Regarding Django it become a lot slower when they introduced automatic escaping and loop item unpacking a while ago. I have seen many people switching from Django templates to Jinja2 especially because of the increased performance. > It just seems they've been working on 1.3 for soo long. Sam Lantinga recently left blizzard and converted SDL into a commercial project. That shows his commitment to the library, so it's barely a duke nukem forever. Also SDL 1.3 is perfectly useable. > * GL_COLOR_BIT should be GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT. This may be a change which occurred between the version the author used and the version I pulled today. Fixed. > Doesn't really mention which OGL libraries are needed. Cmake is amazing :D As the author of said document: The title here is misleading. While this attack is a form of CSRF, doing that does not magically solve all your CSRF problems. It just counters one particular attack vector which are JSON responses. > Because [] is not syntactic sugar for new Array In Firefox 4 and other new browsers this is no longer the case. But right now it's still an issue as many people are using older browsers. I would describe it more carefully. Bottle's advantage that it's self contained and in a single file, however bottle's design also hides away the application object from you which makes it quite hard to have more than one of them. It is possible with the stacked object thing and I think they changed it even to make it possible to do what Flask did, but when Flask started at least there was a design difference there. By now I really would like to see them merge, but Bottle wants to stick to the design idea of just having one file which Flask will never be able to do because of the dependencies. We're getting rid of all the magic we can avoid. With 0.7 barely any magic is left with the notable exception of backwards compatibility. > Some people feel @auth_required() is ugly. That's all. The biggest issue here is backwards compatibility. Nowadays I just make a separate decorator that accepts arguments and keep the old one around unchanged. I learned my lesson :) I could also aim with a bazooka at my foot. Been there done that, lesson learned :-)