Agreed, and it may be pedantic of me, but I fail to see the Lisp-ness of this; merely using a defun function and a list data structure does not qualify. I realize this is not the forum for this, but hopefully it will serve as a warning to others: the linked article does not scroll on the iPhone (horiz or vert orientation). "Cool" layouts are all fun and games, but usability is king. I am currently in Paris and based on this city (for sure!) and actually a lot of my other international experiences: it seems to be a uniquely American idea that the public sometimes has human needs. I say that kind of tongue in cheek, but to prevent every European from flaming me: I really am trying to understand what the alternative is that other countries are practicing. Drink less? More stamina? Or, as in Sydney: just find a convenient wall? This may not help your particular situation, but I'd urge you to try VLC ( http://videolan.org/ ) since it has awesome support for playing YouTube videos. It requires that you paste the YouTube URL into its "Open Network Stream" dialog, but is otherwise painless. Almost anything has to be better than using Media Player Classic. It probably does not, but probably could: JDownloader ( http://jdownloader.org/home/index?s=lng_en ) claims allow access to the content on those type sites. However, having said that, there are probably clear legal lines between merely making a torrent file for any given content and actively circumventing interstitials. IANAL. I will need you to cite your source on that claim. I have the original Blue, with the chip to which you refer, and can assure you that it is not the same chip as in "chip and pin". It was marketed by Amex with a special RFID-esque reader that was designed to unlock your Amex "password vault" or some such silliness. It was such a flop that the new Amex cards have switched to actual RFID (or similar technology) for use in "Speed Pay" or whatever, in that you need not take your card out of your wallet to buy things at CVS or Whole Foods (for example). My company ( http://guidewire.com/ ) sponsors that work, and our developers have been using the DCEVM for day-to-day work for a couple of months now. It seems pretty stable. I think you're thinking of NaCL ( http://code.google.com/p/nativeclient/ ) In contrast, Google Frame is designed to make the deployment hassle for new browsers simpler (user still clicks on "The Internet"). And is community built, so please contribute your CD listings. I don't have any experience with their audio file (MP3, AAC, etc) fingerprinting, but I can tell you it's a great experience to pop in a freshly purchased CD and have MusicBrainz find it. I know that experience comes from some other kind soul having input the CD, so I try very hard to make sure I do the same. I have two comments about that, one idealistic and one pragmatic. If I am not mistaken, the state-centric view taken by the founders was to afford the people a vote-by-shoe-leather system. It literally was: "if you don't like it here, leave" but without the bile. Also, as was mentioned elsewhere in this thread, in order for your interests to "win" in a federally-scoped election, you have to convince a ton more people, who [as members of other states, natch] quite possibly have a very different life situation than you do. In order for your interests to prevail in a state-scoped election, you only have to convince a smaller set of voters who are very likely in your same situation. I hope dearly that Lawrence Lessig succeeds in actually calling a constitutional convention ( http://www.callaconvention.org ), if for no other reason than to strike out your "in theory" qualifier. There are lots of things that Skype "could" fix. The point that I am hearing from the GP is that they do not CHOOSE to fix them. You should see the Skype 5 beta for Windows. What a UI cluster that thing is, and has been for quite some time now. And I just tried Skype for my HTC Desire on 2.1 and yikes, he's right: it's a usability nightmare. And if you think the folks at unrEVOked aren't doing their damnedest to achieve that goal, then I think you're mistaken. However, the reason they don't have that toy (and the same reason another random startup won't) is because the process does carry some non-zero risk and complexity when viewed across the spectrum of all devices. It is my opinion that the risk is only going to get worse over time, given the animosity that hardware manufacturers feel toward the hacker community. Jailbreakme.com is outstanding, but they only had to deal with a small microcosm of hardware/OS tuples (which, if I'm not mistaken, is actually the topic under discussion right now). I'm not an expert in BitTorrent, but in my mental model, aren't you siphoning away seeders from the _official_ Ubuntu trackers by using burnbit? I can appreciate using burnbit for certain behemoth companies that don't normally publish via torrent, but since ubuntu.com actually offers them along-side the isos, this smells counterproductive. I believe that Google agrees with you: http://code.google.com/p/chromium-os/ I mean this in a genuinely inquisitive spirit: is it Walgreen's responsibility to provide such a thing, considering they are just the retail outlet for the device? I would expect that Maylon Group (or whoever is the actual system integrator) is on the hook for publishing customizations. This, along with a thousand other reasons, is why it is so important that the hardware not impose restrictions on what the owner can load on the device. Running custom ROMs is not just for phones, but is for anyone who has special requirements (privacy, speed, specific usage domain, etc). I don't mean this sarcastically, but in the age of VirtualBox (which is not only a great product, but is also FOSS, so it appeals to a large market), why not just install F14 and give it a whirl? That way, you won't be dissuaded by someone else's opinion, and you won't have to explain your metrics to them. Having said that, I mostly agree with the other posters on this thread: Ubuntu is for your "I just want it to work" types, and Fedora is for sysadmin-hackery-types. Also, Pragmatic Programmers is offering the 3rd edition of their Pickaxe Ruby book for USD$10 (paper or ebook) http://media.pragprog.com/newsletters/2010-11-11.html It also says that owners of previous editions get the upgrade for free. I have not yet researched to see if that is their policy across the board, but it's a mighty fine gesture, either way. > Google Adsense? I recognize that you're being downvoted for not actually contributing to the conversation, but I'm going to use your comment as a springboard to make a point that's been bothering me. I have serious doubts about the mobile ad space for the following three reasons. First, what kind of user experience is it to "click" on an ad on your mobile device? I go out of my way not to read actual webpages on the 4" screen, and thus I am certainly not going to try and conduct a learning exercise about your product nor am I going to suffer through typing my payment details to buy something. Second, and I think I recall reading somewhere that an ad platform seeks to change this [maybe they all do!], but chances are that I'm currently using my mobile device for something. Unlike the magic Ctrl-click to open an ad in a new tab, if I were to have a sudden urge to click on an ad, that is going to interrupt whatever it is that I am trying to accomplish right now. Strong disincentive to do anything of the sort. Finally, it has been overwhelmingly my experience that an app which uses an ad network is going to have lag and is going to incur pauses while I am trying to do something on my mobile. Maybe on wifi it's less of a big deal, but the times that I use my mobile on wifi are minimal, otherwise it would be a netbook. I agree with in-app purchases as one of the money-making vehicles for the mobile market. I believe, also, in trial versions and outright purchasing apps based on good reviews. But seriously: can we please skip past trying to replicate the success of the ad networks from the web? This is an awesome idea. Well, let me restate that: this is an awesome geek hack. I posit that this kind of tomfoolery is required because (in my experience) profiling tools are (1) expensive (2) hard to use (3) inaccurate [could be due to #2] or the combination of the preceding. Also, my current employer's tests run in the order of magnitude of hours, and I doubt very seriously that they are I/O bound (or network bound) in the manner that this page discusses. But, again falling back on the "hard to know without tooling", I couldn't state with any confidence exactly what the problem is with the tests, so this may be a great start toward finding out. At the risk of this topic being hijacked by an iTunes-as-music-player debate, one cannot (with a straight face) compare iTunes on Windows to Winamp. I'll grant you that iTunes may be the bee's knees on OSX, but on Windows it is a dog. I actually only recently learned about it. Which makes me wonder if someone "stumbled" upon that, or there is a secret iPhone user's manual that only special people receive. In hindsight, I think that a more "audio scrobber" motion, akin to the way the iPod wheel works, would have been a ton more intuitive. Thank you again, http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/ , for making my web browsing experience safe from the onslaught of backgrounds and fonts. I can see why it's a more often requested story; I found that one far funnier than the parent article.