"Setting up/using version control wasn't worth the frustration and time." I think the onslaught of very usable distributed source control systems with cheap and easy local repositories should make this a non-issue. I wish I had known about hg or git when I was in school - a simple repository per class/project would have alleviated a few pain points that weren't severe enough to be worth with the hassle of setting up a subversion repository. Can you use it to pay by credit card and split bills in complicated ways? To me, that is by far the larger annoyance than menus and ordering from waitstaff. It isn't really about slinging text faster, it is about editing code faster, freeing up more cycles for thinking. A great editor experience, whatever that means for you, can certainly help you write better software, and can give you more time to think about those harder problems. It reminds me of that tired old adage that you spend a third of your life asleep so you should have a comfy bed - you spend a lot of time in your editor, so it should be comfy. This isn't an argument for emacs or any other specific editor, but against the idea that your editor is a commodity not worth consideration. Awesome quote, never heard that before, I'm sure my brain will be in use thinking about it for awhile (how meta!). I think the key here is the difference between passive and active reading. It seems like reading passively is the default for most people, probably because it can be so darn enjoyable, but training yourself to read actively can result in even more enjoyment but, more significantly, will result in expanded brain use. Text is just a series of questions awaiting your own individual answers. I'm sympathetic to the idea of a goal-driven life and higher education as merely a means towards achieving those goals. But the fact of the matter is that goals are hard. Hard to achieve, surely, if ambitious enough, but more importantly, hard to conceive and define. The belief that action shouldn't be taken until a goal for that action is defined can be overwhelming and petrifying. Moving to an environment where many smart people are thinking about many hard problems can certainly be a worthwhile step towards the definition of goals, and should not be self-limited to people who already know what they want to be when they grow up. Meh, this is a straw-man. Conventionally rejecting overridden -> and () operators is a very long reach from ending up back at C. Disallowing operator overriding in general (as opposed to specific operators), namespaces, and classes would be much closer, and it still wouldn't be all that close to C (reinterpret_cast, templates...) There is a goodly sized amount of gray area between the two. Or did you mean your "things like that" to be much broader than my interpretation? Very interesting, I have lived in Boulder for years and can attest that it is a wonderful area (not just Boulder the entire Denver/Boulder/Colorado Springs front range is beautiful) that is noticeably growing. It is also palpable, just anecdotally, that people who talk about moving almost entirely talk about northern California, Portland, and Seattle. If not the northwest, then Austin. Very cool to see these anecdotes confirmed by statistics. Could you list some reasons why you wouldn't want to write a machine learning algorithm in Javascript, or a write storage engine nor a ...? Lack of libraries? Too high level? Or do you not like the syntax/semantics/...? I thought this thread might benefit from my response as a self-admitted shiny-thing-chaser. Your Prada coat analogy is fairly silly, as I'm sure you are aware. First of all, when it comes to programming languages/frameworks, both the new-hawtness Prada and the "old fashioned" raincoat tend to be free, so there is no financial rationality argument to be made. Even if you (correctly) account time-to-learn as a type of cost, that cost is roughly equivalent to the time it took to learn the alternative you already know. I think a better analogy would be an old raincoat versus a new, similarly priced raincoat. Perhaps the new raincoat doesn't actually cover you properly from the rain though; unfortunately programming languages and tools are a lot more difficult to analyze than raincoats. Do we agree, at least, that some chasing of shiny things has been very beneficial to our field? That our current crop of languages are better raincoats than architecture specific assembly language? That assembly language was itself a better raincoat than machine language? If you will stipulate this, then is it your position that we have reached the pinnacle? That no more advances in productivity or correctness can be made? If this is your belief, then OK, that's fine, you are entitled to it, but I do not believe such a pinnacle even exists, much less that we have made it there. And if we indeed have not reached the pinnacle, then we need people who are early adopters, who are willing to try out and write for technologies that are immature and untested. Maybe most or all of them fail to be even as good as what we already have, and the whole thrust turns out to be fruitless, but with no thrust at all, success is not even a possibility. Everything old was once new, and all the old-fashioned technology once had early adopters being made fun of for their impracticality. Plus, learning new things is a great way to improve as a programmer and it's a lot more fun; all that other stuff is just incidental. I have a Kindle, and while I think it's a great device and that E-ink is a big win over back-lit monitors for prolonged reading, I use it a minuscule amount compared with dead-tree reading. It just doesn't feel right, especially for fiction. I would note that you can make notes and copying quotes is actually practical (although an argument can be made for hand-copying sections that you really want to sink in). All in all I think it will be awhile before I trade in the bookshelves. Interesting, I see this completely opposite from you. I spend all day looking at a lit screen and can hardly stand the idea of settling down to read a book on way in my leisure time. E-ink isn't as good as real paper, but it is far better than a computer screen in my opinion. I wish I knew someone who reads a similar amount as I do and touts the pleasures of iPad reading, so that we could discuss it, but I don't know any such person. In the NFL there is generally at least one hold on every play that goes uncalled. Far from offending our sense of fair play, we accept it as part of the game. Basketball is actually strategically centered around fouling and drawing fouls, charging players under the hoop and assuming their feet aren't set, which they usually aren't. These are perfectly accepted aspects of the sport. I hate the diving in soccer, but the push and pull of what the referee will allow you to get away with is a large part of every sport. I was hoping someone would mention ReadyTalk - I worked there a few years ago and can attest that they are very focused on user experience and personalized support and training, and have been building a really strong webinar offering. Give them a shot! As an earlier poster pointed out, GMail's non-js app is a totally different app, and let's be honest, it's a giant pain to use compared to the js version, and for most people it wouldn't have been worth the expenditure to make. GMail wouldn't have caught on if it were just the pure HTML version. Degradation is nothing but a nice-to-have for an app like that. Interesting about objects in javascript. I have actually started feeling that prototype-based object orientation is less tacked on than its class-based cousin. The syntactical implementation is a bit strange (the 'function' keyword for objects, putting functions on the prototype object rather than the object itself), but the mechanism itself seems more generic and flexible. The implementation in Io is better I think, you should check that out before discounting prototype-based object systems outright. Out of curiosity, why wouldn't you? We don't think twice about Google docs being a good idea, or a thousand other things that were once thought to be purely desktop applications, why should coding be any different? I think it's very striking how few good editors there are on the web, and no real IDEs (that I know of). This is something node.js has done very well. Anyone with basic javascript experience (and really, isn't that everyone?) can go from zero to fast, functional web server in 2 minutes. Then hit github and figure out which simple web framework to play with (the fragmentation is either a problem or benefit depending on your view) and voila, another 5 minutes later, a full, integrated, single language web stack. Very good for noobs. This strikes me as very poignant, and makes me wonder about how we form our networks. Why is it that the wealthy know the wealthy and the poor know the poor? Is it usually as simple as the existing networks of your parents that you are born into and then expand upon? Is it school, either college or high school or those who drop out of high school becoming your network depending on how far you go? Is it the who you work with? Is it out and out classist snobbery? Probably all of these things and more wrapped up in one... Hmmm, assuming since you posted an Ask HN that you read HN comments, it's difficult to believe you haven't seen lots of people talking about the usual subjects (at the moment) - node.js (javascript is the language), clojure, haskell, OCaml, scala, erlang. All of these will give you a new perspective coming from the three you mention, the first two are probably the most web-focused (though perhaps people will disagree with that?). Also, plus one for smalltalk/seaside, and minus one for python, which isn't mind-bending enough coming from Ruby in my opinion. Thanks for sating my curiosity! Some interesting points. 1. Not sure I agree here, I'd have to see some benchmarks of similar types of operations in local editors and javascript, but I think it should be roughly equivalent to, say, Eclipse's java-driven interface. 2. I think this is a good point, but I wonder what it is they don't yet have. "Can make really great editors in them" is a pretty vague requirement. 3. I personally think this is historical baggage. There is no reason the server hosting the editor (or another server communicated with that server) could not host your files. Hell, most open source projects are already done this way, hosted on github/sourceforge/etc. - downloading the project locally would be an unnecessary step if the code-hosters offered solid editing options. 4. This is probably the main point, to me. It's not enough to just edit through the web, because there are too many other things you need to do as well, which are even more difficult to detach from a local machine. +1 - My playflow at the moment is to follow the HN rss in google reader, open the comments in one tab and the article in another, because the comments here tend to be way more interesting than the comments there. Re: the comment about Disqus, I wonder if there is an integration of some sort to be had - Disqus really, really rocks, but the community on HN is better and more established than the commenters on any given blog. Very possibly it has - there is no way to know the answer to this kind of what-if, because you either have one or you have the other, you can't let the two alternatives compete with each other over the same time scale and then measure the outcomes. Very similar to the question of whether software patents help or hurt software innovation. There has been innovation in engineering with the PE system in place, and there has been innovation in software with the patent system in place, but there is no way to know if there would have been more or less over the same time period without those controls. Hmmm, seems like the appropriate role model to take from this may be "mass production". Perhaps that is the right and proper end game for any craft. But I tend to think that computers can't take all our jobs in this society, because once computers are fully capable of programming themselves our society will cease to exist in its present form. Just depends on how you define "success" (although I think being acquired and gutted by Oracle is outside anyone's definition). I'm sorry, I don't think this is the place for a thread that will inevitably devolve into tit-for-tat politics, but I really have trouble stomaching the commentary that the EPA should have less regulatory power over industry when proof of the big-picture bankruptcy of environmental deregulation is current gushing into the gulf at a few tens of thousands of barrels a day. Yes, it raises costs to force industries to comply with environmental protection standards. Yes, this is bad for the short-term of our economy. But we will continue to suffer the consequences of the environmental harm we do, even at the current regulatory levels, and more so with "a muzzle on the EPA".