Warp engines make a little stable bubble of space and shift what's around it, so onboard time matches galaxy time, and you can jaunt a significant way across the galaxy and still be home in a few years Earth time. Read it again. He's talking about near-zero sleep calls, not one second sleep calls. It works now that I stuck it on a server, but apparently FF3.6.4 drops the data between passes on a file:// url. IE6 and Opera10 hang on to it, nothing else available here. Yeah, this isn't at all the article I was expecting because of that. Consider someone sniffing wifi. I'm worried about eavesdropping much more often than man in the middle, and nontrusted SSL could provide that if browsers would stop freaking out and just go without a padlock. Defaulting to running directly as admin is a settings flaw, not a problem with the underlying security system. On the other hand, the fact that it's inaccurate and weak suggests even more that it's not 'clinical'. Other than that being plain old chemistry, the numbers don't line up. 500 times thinner than a hair is 100+ nanometers, not 1 nanometer. result = case when baz>10 then foo else bar end is a translation of if baz>10: result = self.foo() else: result = self.bar() while result = if baz > 10 foo else bar end is a translation of result = self.foo() if baz>10 else self.bar() It's true that some things have to be changed when translating, but you can't ignore the deliberate structure of the original. Let's say I want to look at how inter-sentence objects work in two languages. I give you the phrase: "Raining cats and dogs. This is what the weather is like." You can't translate it as if it said "It's raining cats and dogs" without losing the basis of comparison entirely. As long as they have the files in plaintext, I prefer the 'ridiculous' method for the speed benefits. If you upload data unencrypted and expect perfect privacy on it you're fooling yourself. Yes, SpiderOak does, but I'm talking about the ones being complained about. Wow, this is more annoying than when a blocked popup in chrome still fully loads and starts playing a video. If you take the rope from 0T to >30T instantly, then you will have all the weights lift up. As long as you keep the rope tense, they will all rise with different accelerations until they hit the top. If you apply tension over time, even very quickly, then the lighter weight will rise first. You don't have to go 'faster than the speed of light' to escape a black hole if you're not affected in the usual manner by gravity. And I'm not aware of any suggestion that gravity itself is affected by gravity. I knew it was a source of its own much smaller gravity, I guess I was wrong about how strongly coupled that is with the original field. Still, that's not itself being 'normally' affected by gravity, and I've never seen anything discuss it. Only the ones that won't switch to a log-performance data structure when it's causing them trouble. I suppose, but with GPLv2 there's nothing more than a technicality in the way, is there? As far as I understand it, the app store agreement prevents you from taking that particular copy of the app and doing free things with it, but nothing truly restrictive. You can still get a copy of the source from the app-maker, and exercise all your normal free software rights. Then again, saying that makes me feel like I'm missing something. Am I? Python only has about 30 keywords, and the English meaning only helps on some of them. Words like 'lambda' or 'raise' are not immediately intuitive. Translations of function names like raw_input are nice, but you can do that no matter what the base language's keywords look like, and I challenge you to find simple symbols for every built in function, like divmod, help, oct, memoryview, unicode, buffer, delattr. Desalination costs well under a penny per gallon. There's no shortage of water if you're willing to pay a small fee. Letting people see each individual device, even firewalled, is a security downside. I need a reference that exposing more information about systems that are nearly guaranteed to have security flaws is bad? I'll give you a simple scenario and then go look for something to make you happy. I have a computer running services A and B and several computers running service B. Service A exposes information about the computer's configuration that helps attack service B, but only if the attacker can figure out which one. Edit: I haven't really been able to find a comparison between firewalling and firewalling+NAT, just comparisons between nothing and NAT. Apparently Minefield is set up to require recent drivers. I was getting nothing on my laptop until I worked out that I had to go to intel's site, run the driver installer, ignore its error message telling me to go to the laptop manufacturer, and manually tell windows to use the driver now in my temp folder. I don't understand why they didn't instead drop the next few leap days. How impatient can you be when cathedrals may take centuries to build? I've had a few break in the sense of wires/chips physically losing a proper connection, but that's a matter of holding it just so while you get your data off. Nothing worse yet. To be more specific about what exactly the Axiom of Choice is: If you have a finite number of sets, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. You can enumerate them and pick out of each. If you have a rule to choose items, like picking the smallest element in a set of natural numbers, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. There is no choice to be made, you just follow the rule. The problems come out when you have an infinite number of sets and you pick items arbitrarily. This is what the Axiom of Choice allows you to do. Infinity is dangerous.