Put another way: "animals are vessels for souls while waiting for reincarnation". It now applies to everything souls (possibly) reincarnate into, while still being true. I think that viewed in this way, it is obvious that the Buddhist concept of a soul is not human centric. The soul would be an entity trying to escape a cycle of reincarnation (and one of the potential candidates for reincarnation is a human). Aliens could fit right in there as just another vessel. When the immune system learns to destroy cells, it also remembers the markers for bad cells. If you have (for example) cancerous liver cells and your immune system learns to destroy these, the potential exists for it to learn markers that are also present on normal liver cells. After your cancer is gone, this memory that partially (or entirely) applies to regular cells will lead to your immune system trying to destroy normal, healthy cells. Your life absolutely belongs to you. It's true that other people suffer with you, but ultimately the decision is 100% your own. It's possible to be supportive and try to keep someone alive as long as possible without making them feel like they're slaved to someone else's desires. I think everyone deserves to feel autonomous. If you have the requisite genetic triggers, bipolar has only a chance of popping up. It's triggered by circumstances in your life that present significant stress/hardship. Next to that, there are also plenty of people that manage to wean themselves off medication after they've been on it for a few years. It's not something you're necessarily stuck with for the rest of your life. "Might be true given a million other factors" isn't really the sort of truth you're looking for when trying to get advice. Let's not turn Dutch cities into another example of the horrifying panopticon that UK cities have become. Leaving aside the question of competence, what alternatives would you suggest? Actually looking at this map, I'm still seeing significant flooding without anything holding water back. When I read your comment I assumed you somehow provided evidence that worrying about the water/coast is nonsensical, reading the map I see the opposite. You can hope that that's the case, but that doesn't mean that it is. In my experience, it is emphatically not the case. The whole idea of electron is that it is built on top of a deeply flawed framework. I can't speak for anyone else, but I cannot see the appeal to writing for something that is broken by design. This is simply untrue. You can try spending some time having an actual conversation with real animal rights activists, you might find out that they're real nuanced people (just like you, hopefully). What Facebook (or for that matter Google) does is not competition. They're far too large to really compete with when you're getting up and running. Everything that even gets close to something they do or might want to do gets bought out. I can't imagine anyone thinks such a situation is in the best interest of the user. A good chunk of his advice is applicable even in moderately high-cost labour countries such as Germany or the Netherlands. I'm sure it also means any other deviation from the norm. Framed as something intrinsically bad, or at least indicative of deafness to tone. That's an even worse idea. You've shifted all of the data from the agency at least tangentially concerned with people's welfare to a corporation only concerned with profit. For a lot of the classes I took, this is what the hours looked like for my classmates as well. I do not think it's that unusual, even. While I grant that you may be correct in this case, this isn't a tenable position to take in general. An overwhelming amount of people do believe patently ridiculous things, and frequently talks about them as if they make sense. The US has a competent military. The country is fundamentally christian - I don't see why the two need to be mutually exclusive. There is a mandatory fee that you will pay for being connected to cable (which most people are, even if they don't necessarily use the TV). This pays for the "free" channels that everyone gets. For people in the EU a EULA isn't legal anyway - unless you need to explicitly agree with it before you can buy the car. Conversations has had frequent complaints about battery life issues, which to my knowledge have always been closed with some variation of "just ask about this on the chat" and/or "this is not something that can be fixed". In the past, I've noticed it doesn't work well for my battery life personally as well (so it's not just rumour). For something that needs to run on a phone, battery life is one of the most important factors to make something actually useful. While the GUI looks great and I don't remember any usability warts, I don't think it's fair to recommend something with an issue this big. As a rule you won't actually get back all the expenses if the case takes a (few) year(s), it's more a symbolic amount. As someone who lives in a country full of easily accessible porn and prostitution, I can promise you the kids here are as depraved as they are anywhere else (that is to say, not very). Human beings need a little bit of downtime for general decompression and whatnot in my experience (unless you want to go for that coveted 35yo burnout status). I'm not saying that that 2-3 hours of tv/social media can't be more efficiently spent on a different form of relaxation plus some kind of after-work job/hobby, but I do think it's oversimplifying a bit to say that leisure activities = waste. The US is not very culturally homogeneous, at least not as far as I understand it.