Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y0r5j3yu5TUkLWMIeCr_rBef9uO... Email: See resume You may be talking about iodine: https://code.kryo.se/iodine/ You can host it yourself. Try the "track motion" feature, mind blowing doing that in the browser. One possible method: Write a script to request the site continuously and see if it fails to respond with any regularity. From there you can start dialing it in and determine what the rate limit actually is. A rate limit should be consistently reproducible unless it's implemented in a clever way. The nature of executive compensation is often different than rank and file employees. A common trick is to say "The leadership team took a 30% paycut, so the 10% paycut you are taking isn't so bad" however executive pay is often split between equity, bonus and base compensation with equity and bonus making up more than 50% of the total comp. Often when they say 30% they are talking about 30% of base. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Email: See resume Disqus was baked into the template I used for my blog so I kept it: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ It works well and is simple to implement. One hour later and 2151 in line ahead of me, talk about exponential growth. https://www.fastorslow.com/app/profile/244179fc-78d2-5cf3-8c... > allocation free algorithms Do you have any good sources for information about this concept? I'm having trouble understanding how a algorithm could produce useful work without allocating anything. locutusofb.org has not turned out to be a boon for me either. I'd volunteer to present on the QVC-for-software-demos livestream if such a thing existed. The question is, is it the exam developers task to produce software that works in the world as it is or the world as they would like it to be? If the latter this is a roaring success. As I understand a proportion of buybacks generally (maybe not at IBM) were financed by debt. If this was the case they would have to sell enough to cover the debt and interest first. My wife bought into one of these services, the $25 box we received contained about 10 - 15 dollars worth of produce from my local store but at a lower quality. It was also random and often contained undesirable items in large quantities (who needs 12 lemons for the week?, What am I supposed to do with 3 fingerling potatoes?). I used to work in food service and it was pretty obvious to me that they were sourcing items from Sysco or US Foods by the way the items were tagged and packaged. I think the shipping costs eat away any value you could expect from something like this. Even if Texas Instruments implemented SSL the fact that you went there would not be a secret to anyone who can see your packets due to SNI[0]. HTTPS is really only useful when you want to hide the contents of a message, not the recipient. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication +1 for jetbrains. I prefer webstorm to visual studio myself and the licensing scheme is very fair. They aren't allowed to opt out, well except for Texas. I've had luck with digital ocean by sending friends emails (who have accounts at major providers) and having them mark it as not spam a few times over the course of a week or two. After that, it worked without issue. From my perspective the growth potential globally is massive, the majority of people on earth live on less than $2.50 a day. This can't be where we stop the wheels of progress. > The 25 vs 15 dollars issue means their business sucks unless they have a value add on top? As I am buying "less desirable produce" (from what I can tell it all came from normal cases that a restaurant would order, I think this fools some people as they aren't used to seeing produce that still has dirt on it and is less presentable like that) I would expect more of it for my money, not less. I understand they have to pay for shipping but it's not as if I don't have to go to the grocery store anyway, maybe I just don't see the value proposition, for us it just wasn't there. >If you were getting 15 lemons per week, maybe contract the vendor and try to address the issue? Even if the product was more evenly distributed it wasn't enough for it to provide value for me. That point was just the final nail in the coffin. If you have two solutions and the first solution requires humans behave in a certain manner (getting them to use high entropy passwords) and the second does not. The second is more secure. I've done something like this [0], postfix sends a nice rejection message the next time they try to connect. Ironically I've had people email me that rejecting their spam is filling up their inbox with error messages. [0] https://blog.tinned-software.net/permanently-reject-a-specif... The method you purpose is less secure as humans often use low entropy passwords even when you ask them not to. If you are building a system only for humans that use high entropy passwords (are you really willing to bet the farm on that just to save a couple clock cycles) or other machines it might work but I also see no benefit to that approach so you might as well just bcrypt it and call it a day anyway. >it’s not reasonable to demand universities operate at a loss to provide the remote education at a rate less than it costs them to operate I feel its not reasonable to ask students to pay more than fair market value for what they receive regardless of operational costs. They should refund up to what similar online schools charge today. If it costs the auto dealer as much as a new BMW to deliver a used Toyota, that isn't my problem I'm only paying used Toyota pricing or I'm taking the matter to court. I can more easily change grocery stores than I am able to change colleges. Credits aren't often 100% transferable, also a degree from another school may be less valuable but also less costly, therefore the money I already spent on the more expensive degree may be lost.