This is a market cap ranking. Even Microsoft ranks on this list. Put it in perspective: if you define big by "actual revenue" (as the Fortune 500 does), Microsoft doesn't break the top 40. At ~10Bn+ in revenue, Google wouldn't make the Fortune 100. Sort the Fortune 500 by profit and Google still isn't in the top 20. Market cap is a measure of the market's expectations for future profit. But it's not a reliable one. Where's Qualcomm and Tellabs now? I agree, but market cap is a far worse metric. For whatever it's worth to you, you will readily get more than 5 minutes of semi-solicited opinions about your prospects and strategy from any VC manager or partner you talk to. You may even score customer introductions. The solid "yes" or "no" is a major feature of the YC process though. No. Other Navies have apparently routinely snapped periscope-depth/range pictures of US warships. This isn't news. It's not even evidence that the Chinese were undetected. And not in Vista. And, so what? This attack is important to cryptographers. It's not important to you. Anyone who can exploit this problem can also backdoor your machine. Why is this supposed to be funny? Not if it's what the market bears. ... and? Rails forks. It's slow even for a Ruby framework. You could beat both ErlyWeb and Rails handily in C, if your priorities were that far out of whack. Nobody uses Rails for its speed. They spent $6MM on infrastructure pre-revenue. The investors didn't pull the plug anywhere nearly fast enough. Did you just say a $25MM A-round is a tiny amount by today's standards? I don't know what that paragraph you wrote means, but $25MM is, in 2007, a very large A-round. Are these reviews by the same team that tried to clone Quicksilver for Windows and wound up with nothing more than Launchy set in Garamond? It's not an ad-hominem when someone publishes a critique of X, and you allege that they haven't demonstrated that they are qualified to critique X. In this case, it might be WRONG to allege that. But it's not an ad-hominem. I was being deliberately rude and snarky about Humanized, who, let it be said, can choose contrasting color saturations with the greatest of ease, and can "collect user interface evidence" circles around my command-line ass. But I agree, I think their attempt to position Enso versus Quicksilver is weak. If Quicksilver was ported to Windows, nobody would use Enso; the marginal cost of that particular value prop for Windows users is already zero, and Quicksilver's "search-and-act" idiom is just more sophisticated, and makes a greater contribution to UI design, than does Enso's. Sorry, command completion? Not revolutionary. And, hey, what's with "a direct clone of Quicksilver would be out of place on Windows"? No it wouldn't. It would be more appropriate. Quicksilver on the Mac competes with a lot of well-thought-out workflow that already exists in the OS X interface. Quicksilver on Windows would add far more value. And the QS "search-and-act" idiom is universal. Have you used Quicksilver? You should. It's pretty amazing. This is a low. Ok, let's all have a debate about neurosurgery! What a fatuous observation. Yes, if only Godin had thought to build an auction site, like OnSale did, he'd be a billionaire. Or a search engine, like Infoseek and Teoma. Or an ordering system, like Cybercash. You mean "Network effect", don't you? I think he buries it in "Deepness". How do you downmod "Will it Blend"? Reexamine your priorities! I'm not saying you're wrong; I'm saying there's a hoary old cliche that you can use to communicate the same thing: "He forgot to add Network Effects". Ebay relies on a network effect; Amazon doesn't. I don't imagine that he forgot it; I think he's assuming most web startups rely on it. He is, after all, Pyra, Odeo, and Twitter. This is really a tempest in a teacup. NSA influenced a NIST standard; MSFT implemented the NIST standard. Dual EC is not default behavior for Vista. There's no evidence of a deliberate backdoor, and most of the failure modes for crypto RNGs involve a threat model you don't care about: someone who can read/write memory from arbitrary processes or the kernel. Another fatuous attempt at scorekeeping. Everyone has a sorry history at startups. It's a simple bias that focuses your memory on the rare successes. No! NO NO NO. Not 5. He said 10. Nobody's doing 5. Who uses email for 5 minutes? 10's the key number here. 10 commandments! 10 doors! 10, man, that's the number. 10 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch! Step into my office!