quite right, but "you are the product" is obviously even more true of Google, selling you to advertisers, right? Microsoft just wants you to want their product. Google wants to know everything about you so they can sell you to advertisers. More and more, to all companies, especially tech companies, we are commodities to be sold. Well, sure, and if everybody installed effective ad blocking software so they never saw a google ad, that would decrease the load on google's servers too. What you're asking for is awesome, but.... it's really hard to do well. The extra abstraction is hard to get right. Instead a bunch of decoupled components playing well together, you can wind up with a bunch of chaotic components having their dependencies changed out from under them, and seriously raising the barrier to entry for newbie developers who need to figure out how to put humpty dumpty back together again to actually build an app. Rails 2->3 tried to the general route you're talking about (but still with language API connections, not REST. That would be even harder in some ways) --- with, well, mixed success. And Rails starts out lower level (much less UI built-ins) than django, another thing that would make it even harder. I've had many failures in personal homegrown projects. :) Abstraction is hard. To do super high level of architecture abstraction _well_ takes experience and skill, as well as more developer resources. It's easy to go off into architecture astronaut adventures, and you end up spending all your development time trying to keep the parts working together, significantly sapping resources to actually, you know, provide new functionality. That said, there is certainly such a thing also as too little abstraction and too much tight-coupling too, obviously. There is a happy medium. Plus, it's actually really HATEOS that gives you discoverability, not just any old REST. But either way, I agree with you, while the theory is that if you do it 'right' one way or another it's self-documenting, I have yet to see an API which doesn't need good documentation to be usable. Well, actually, that's a lie, I've seen at least one: The TinyURL "api". Which is obviously extremely simple. Until I read the comments I didn't get what this was supposed to be --- ghostery for the win, blocks Facebook Social Graph and Facebook Social Plugin. > So even though the row has (from our perspective) a non-zero value, MySQL sees it as matching zero. What? Why does MySQL return the row with 'y' in it (in a 'binary' column) when you ask for "where row = 0'? wtf is going on here? That seems to be the real culprit here. I assume it's MySQL's 'helpful' conversion routines again, but I'm just assuming, I don't understand the details. i suspect a bunch of high profile projects already HAVE fallen apart; they just haven't fallen apart in high profile ways. "Still working on it" messages gradually decreasing in frequency until everyone forgets. The REALLY weird thing is that "cross platform exemption." This guy was NOT doing what that section of the ToS was meant to prohibit. But let's say someone else had an app that really was, that was doing in-app purchases without giving apple their 30% vigorish.... all you have to do is make it for Android too, and Apple will let you? Really? Does this really work? pretty sure it doesn't. The dude is in Europe. Most people in Europe don't even have credit cards, really. Credit card infrastruture is way less developed in Europe. (Let alone 'less developed' parts of the world, which still have developers). The whole world is not the US. I would really like to see an option in Turbolinks to be opt-in instead of opt-out. Instead of applying the pjax-type behavior to all links unless they have data-no-turbolink, only apply to links that have data-turbolink (or ideally a completely unobtrusive option to do $(node).turbolink() or $(node).data("turboLink", true) or something. Although this is made more complicated by turbolinks intentional lack of jquery dependency). Probably not too hard to add it to it. Maybe i'll get around to making up a patch myself if nobody else does. But I'd be a lot happier with turbolink on a link-by-link opt-in basis. Hmm, I wonder if there's any way to have an event on page:change that somehow _sends_ a document.ready trigger. So it will trigger all document.ready hooks, without any changes to the code hooking into document.ready (which of course could come from third-party dependencies you can't easily change to use page:change themselves, and which may not want to be changed to have turbolinks-related code in them). Might be easier if your code exclusively uses jquery's ready rather than native DOM onload or whatever. But yeah, either way, this is a bunch of added logic that can go wrong, I'm not super enthused about it myself. Google's business interests are weird here. They presumably were getting _paid_ by Apple for maps integration. Do they really want to say "Sure, stop paying us, and for free we'll make sure to provide an app of our own to your customers that's just as high quality?" On the other hand, Google is certainly otherwise often in the business of providing free apps to people that they try to get as many people as possible to use on other people's devices (I mean, Android. On the other hand, even though Android is theoretically free, i think every device maker that uses it has a paid contract with google). It's pretty unclear what Google's interests and plans are when it comes to this stuff. Interesting, I had not heard of Foundation before, and am interested in checking it out to see how it does with the few things that annoy me about Bootstrap. So appreciate the pointer. But when I go to the Foundation web pages... I've clicked like 5 times, have managed to get to the Getting Started page, and I still haven't seen any code examples of how to actually use it. Note that the Bootstrap docs start with and are centered around examples; it _starts_ by telling you how to install it and start using it. Every 'feature' element on the home page is right next to a code example showing how to do it. I think Bootstrap's documentation is actually a huge part of it's success. If you're wondering why Bootstrap caught on where Foundation didn't, I think that's probably part of it. Foundation's docs _look_ as pretty as Bootstrap's (which is a good sign given the nature of the products), but they aren't done as well for getting people to dive in quick or overview of how the code actually works quick. Writing good docs is a skill of it's own, and whoever does it for Bootstrap has definitely got it. You can get started with Bootstrap _so_ fast, because the docs are written with that goal in mind and achieve it. oh yeah, perfectly straightforward, only took several thousand words to confusingly explain. Nope, not simple. Yep, this is a git usability problem. In the ruby/github world, people generally violate this and DO rewrite 'public' history in order to get 'cleanness', primarily because almost ALL history is 'public', since you tend to show people work in progress on github, or just push it there to have a reliable copy in the cloud. And yes, this sometimes leads to madness. I've never even looked at any linux source code, but I still know there's too much of it to believe Linus reviews and signs off on every single commit personally. And yet if you _don't_ push it to the server, then nobody else can see it. And don't you want other people to see develop branches to give feedback and even to collaborate on writing? In practice, what everyone does is they DO rewrite history on those pushed dev branches, and they TRY to avoid the world of hurt by some convention for keeping track of what branches are 'development branches', and knowing that their history can change, and thus not _pulling_ from these branches into anything except a branch that does nothing but track the dev branch. And then using 'rebase' in just the right way on your local copy of that dev branch, when you need to. And then winding up in that world of hurt when something goes wrong. Contrary to all the git apologists in this thread, i think it is one of the biggest usability problems with git. I'm not familiar enough with the other dcvs to know if they manage to do this better. I do know for all that, branching/merging is still a hell of a lot better than it was with svn. What I myself tend to do is avoid ever rewriting history, sacrificing 'cleanness' for reliability and safety. Except when I'm working on a dev branch for an open source project where they insist upon it, and then I worry, and mess up a lot, and spend lots of time recovering from my mistakes. > merge pains are reduced by frequently dealing with smaller rebase merges instead of trying to do one massive merge at the end when I'm finished with a longer life task that might last a week or two. The more often you merge the less painful it is. You can take care of that just by doing frequent regular merges, no need to do rebase ever, and rebase doesn't make this part any easier, does it? I think the 'cleaning part of history', and trying to avoid those annoying merge commits in the logs, is in fact the only reason to do rebases, no? It's obviously an important one to many people. you sure those aren't debit/check cards? May also vary in different European countries. http://www.foreignersfinances.com/money-around-the-world-cre... I think most of those fancy debit/check cards do not have visa or mastercard serials, and thus can not be used to pay American websites that take credit cards (unlike American debit cards that have visa serials and use the same processing network as credit cards). how about, say, RSS/Atom feed autodiscovery links in ? how about s at end of for load performance instead of in ? there's always edge cases. it's asking for trouble, sez me. While it's more frustrating to have no control over the reliability, I suspect that most companies could not achieve the level of reliability from AWS by self-hosting, at anywhere close to the cost (inc. stafftime). Nothing is 100%, and getting as close to 100% as you can gets exponentially more expensive the closer you get. Of course, this could change if AWS's reliability trends downward. But it's never going to be 100%, and neither is anything you do yourself. I wonder if US East just has a LOT more customers. wonder if anyone's been keeping and publishing statistics on exactly how often AWS US East has been down. Perhaps it's more than I thought. Of course, most failures haven't been effecting _all_ of US East, so maybe what would be interesting to look at is just _some_ customer's data on exactly how much downtime they had in the past 3 years or whatever. Without knowing what the uptime/downtime was, hard to say how terrible it was, or how it compares to other options. yes. Absolutely. This is the number one rule of writing APIs. If you use an api of any kind, from open-source code API's, to proprietary black box HTTP api's -- you can _definitely_ tell when the api developers have a strong understanding of the use cases, and when they don't. The best way to get a strong understanding of the use cases is to write a client. This is what "dog fooding" means. Amount of times I've gotten a robocall from a politician so far: 0 Amount of times I've gotten a robocall from Rachel at Cardholder Services -- approximately twice a week for the past four months. Why would I be annoyed at politician robocalls I don't get?