Why couldn't they have just ported the Winamp core and its playback plugins over to Mac? What the hell is this crap? The computer geek in me agrees with this guy, but the business major in me just laughed. Not because of his arguments -- they are sound, in my opinion -- but because of his attitude. I fail to see how this 'petulant child' attitude that we geeks like to adopt re: DRM does us any good. Yes, shit be expensive, yo. But taking an uncompromising attitude, especially when we are nothing more than a vocal minority... it's like we want the larger world to not take geeks seriously. And World of Goo for $20? Please. It's so easy to find games at a discount that buying software online at full price is borderline idiotic. WOG, like many games (esp. indie titles), is regularly discounted through the myriad different channels it is sold in. (Humble Indie Bundle is one.) All you need is patience. On another note: World of Goo is not worth $20? Really? There seems to be this growing attitude of petulant, childish snobbery among us geeks. "We're ADD, broke, impatient, and really, really lazy, and because we're your customers you do what we say or we pirate your shit." That's the vibe I got from Why I Pirate, and it's a vibe that smells like extortion. Giving the media companies a taste of their own medicine, perhaps? I can see the suits reading this little piece and instantly binning it. You catch more flies with honey, not vinegar. I really like YC's stance on Hollywood (re: funding more startups that attack hollywood directly)... we all agree that Big Content needs to die, and they're putting money down to help. Writing longwinded, rambling TL;DR diatribes (hint: the 20,000 character limit is there for a REASON) does not. Remember that we're nothing more than a vocal minority. Act as such. The non-geeks -- at least, the ones that can afford Netflix, Hulu, etc -- are satisfied. iTunes/Spotify/Grooveshark has most-to-all of the music they want, Hulu and Netflix cover the video stuff... there doesn't seem to be as much piracy coming from the mainstream crowd now that more convenient options are available. The same could be said with gamers, though they are a little more prone to piracy. What's with the author's Steam hatred? Do people still do that? (Soooo 2005, guys) What is there to hate about Steam when nearly every other media platform is worse? Steam is leaps and bounds better than the competition, AND it supports indie devs fairly, AND its got some pretty cool features, AND everyone still gets paid. Yes we geeks want unprotected super duper high quality downloads that we can transcode to 80,000,000 devices in a billion different formats. We want these things because we're nerds. Most people aren't nerds, and they don't care. Ours is a quixotic fight with unreasonable (at this time) demands, and totally undeserving of the relentless sense of entitlement we seem to feel towards it. We're forgetting that, in the end, this is all about entertainment. Not poverty, not starvation, not joblessness. Just entertainment -- diversions, mostly. There's a million ways to entertain oneself, and most of them don't involve Big Content. http://i39.tinypic.com/15n7sj6.jpg I did this for awhile and ran into an interesting (if fatal) edge case: I use a 1.5tb external drive formatted in exFAT to minimize cross-platform headaches, and whenever the drive is marked dirty (improper shutdown, eject, etc), OSX will run fsck_exfat on it before I can use it. fsck_exfat isn't a huge deal -- or wouldn't be, if it didn't have a nasty tendency to leak RAM... the moment you plug in, fsck_exfat's footprint climbs up and up and up... never stopping! Pretty soon it's eaten up 8gb out of my 8gb RAM and poor ol' lappy is unusable. I can say with authority what happens when you run out of physical RAM in OSX: it hard locks . Nothing works -- no keyboard, no mouse, nothing. So, if you plug in your large, dirty (you dirty drive you!) exFAT-formatted external drive, with dynamic_paging switched off, and let fsck_exfat do its thing, your laptop freezes! Leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on boot-up... freezing the laptop, leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on bootup... EDIT: this is with Snow Leopard... yeah but its the only real alternative for R/W support in OSX and Windows for large volumes. I've had corruption issues with NTFS and HFS+ drivers :-( yeah sometimes I'll boot into Windows just to clean the drives :-( And since when do people always do the right thing? I'm curious as to what's going to happen now, being that he's admitting to copyright infringement on page A1 of the New York Times.... So are we supposed to be designing all our databases to conform to third-normal form? I am not very adept at DB stuff but doesn't that increase the number of lookups needed to retrieve a row of useful data? Is the performance hit from that less painful than storing redundant (perhaps simply for caching) fields in one table? Cool, thanks :-) Why does everyone seem so obsessed over typed vs. untyped? Why are typed languages so undesirable to "hardcore" uses? Actually that was a typo... I can't go back and edit it now... I meant to say "desireable" :-) I really like Anonymous Pro, 11pt font, 0.9 linespacing on my 1440x900 mac. Looks good with light AA http://www.ms-studio.com/FontSales/anonymouspro.html edit: it sort of has serifs. kind of. well more than most sans fonts That's what they're called! Yeah, Courier is way too thick for my tastes. SEEKING WORK p/t - Amsterdam, NL - remote, freelance I am a (slightly older than most) student living in Amsterdam for the month. I'm currently sole developer on an unannounced startup, but with the semester ending I have some time for smaller side projects. I am a generalist with decent skills in a wide variety of activities, and have written production code in HTML/CSS/JS, Flash/AS, Perl, VBA/VB6 (ewwww), and C#, and have recently begun tinkering around with Wordpress. Much of my work is in small, private, one-off projects (custom reporting, dynamic banner ads, random hacks to clean up data mistakes by production servers, etc), but am not completely bereft of publicly-visible projects. tomcorelis.com tom!at%tomcorelis.com Sample work: the Dynamite Deals Firefox addon: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/dynamite-deal... Looking for short-term (days to a week or two) tasks. PS- I can do English-language copywriting, technical documentation, Photoshop, video editing, and a bunch of other things too! We're making mountains out of molehills. Don't build your shit on a platform you could reasonably expect to be taken away from you. Company management often sees piracy (and sex) as a plague that can erode customer and investor support in their business. * * * Once upon a time there were three little pigs. One pig built a house of straw while the second pig built his house with sticks. They built their houses very quickly and then sang and danced all day because they were lazy. The third little pig worked hard all day and built his house with bricks. A big bad wolf saw the two little pigs while they danced and played and thought, “What juicy tender meals they will make!” He chased the two pigs and they ran and hid in their houses. The big bad wolf went to the first house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in minutes. The frightened little pig ran to the second pig’s house that was made of sticks. The big bad wolf now came to this house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in hardly any time. Now, the two little pigs were terrified and ran to the third pig’s house that was made of bricks. The big bad wolf tried to huff and puff and blow the house down, but he could not. He kept trying for hours but the house was very strong and the little pigs were safe inside. He tried to enter through the chimney but the third little pig boiled a big pot of water and kept it below the chimney. The wolf fell into it and died. The two little pigs now felt sorry for having been so lazy. They too built their houses with bricks and lived happily ever after. How many creepers are going to start collecting these cards? You know, like a creeper leaderboard... Dear everybody, please stop trying to kill Craigslist. Just leave it alone. Craigslist is fine and good at what it does, and some of us don't want your fancy buzzword-friendly cloud app replacing it. Some of us just want listings. I wish the padmapper dude would grow up (dude's on a quest like Don Quijote) and I wish people would stop salivating over the possibility of Craigslist's corpse. Find something else. We'll see if this provision has any teeth when users repost their listings elsewhere. It seems added to make padmapper's life more difficult, and since the dude behind that site has been nothing but a whiny little biyotch, I'm all for it. That old adage is dead. "The customer is always right" is a prescription for terror I don't know, how about not building one's life on top of someone else's cloud ecosystem? I'll probably get downvoted for this but I am glad to see iCloud biting someone. Hopefully (unlikely) it bites more folks and then people realize that maybe they shouldn't put their life on a bunch of ephemeral, porous, closed-garden online services Or the Dutch? Or Brazil?! I've experienced this. I forget what it was but there was that one exploit that terminated some critical service makes Windows reboot after a 1- or 2-minute countdown. Frickin pain in the ass that was... This runs at like 4fps on my MBP running Firefox 15 :-( Am I the only one concerned about everyones' preoccupation with tools? This is what happens when you trust the cloud