I'm glad to see this Canadian company succeeding in this way. Hopefully this continues to snowball. There has been so much doom and gloom around this company in part because so many people (including myself) don't have the ability to assess whether its technology could actually work. I ask because some of Dart's features seem really nice in comparison to JavaScript but so did .NET's C# features to Java. But in the end, Java kept up with C#/.NET's feature set and C#/.NET never won. Some of the really nice features of Dart seem to be quite easy to integrate into future versions of JavaScript. I guess one could say that C#/.NET did put pressure on the Java to move quicker than it might have if there wasn't competition. Any word on the price of the assets in terms of figures? I have a start-up company as well as a 1 yr old (as well as a wife, which also is an important commitment.) What I noticed after my child was born was that I was even more focused at work and more focused on effective triage to ensure that my time is spend on the most valuable aspects of the business. The strange thing is that as I've gotten more important commitments in life I've been more efficient in business, probably because my triage filter is so specific now and I'be been able to effectively delegate. My start-up has the advantage that we make money (i.e. profitable) thus I can afford to delegate. If I was single and my company had no money I think that a child both in terms of expenses (they aren't cheap) as well as time would be more problematic. I full life for myself includes kids and start-ups. I don't think it is an either/or choice. It is part of our plan... :-) Wouldn't web sockets have worked here nicely? OVH is really cheap as well: http://www.ovh.com/ca/en/dedicated-servers/ Just a quick note that I am attending the Start Up Festival in Montreal today so my answers to specific questions won't be immediate. (SMS me at 613-762-4113 if you want to meet up at this festival.) Highly customized backbone variant (faster + increased flexibility) + javascript + coffeescript + WebGL + jQuery + ThreeJS + underscore + well a lot. JavaScript dependencies alone (excluding anything ThreeJS or our own code) are 500KB minified. :-) We love ThreeJS. For example, I am third in total commits to ThreeJS: https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/contributors It is a small world in the end high 3d space. I have collaborated in the past with the founder of Lagoa. But the main thing to remember is that Max, Maya and Softimage are all developed in Toronto and Montreal. Thus there is already an ecosystem around 3D tools here. There is a difference of approach between Lagoa and Clara.io the main one is the Lagoa is mostly a renderer where as Clara.io is a more general tool, more ambitious in terms of functionality. It is more art oriented than solid modelling. Thus it is best for video game art, rendering animations, etc. But it can do modelling to a degree but we do not make solidity guarantees at this point. Send me an email, ben@exocortex.com, I'd love to hear your ideas. Be sure to sign up for the beta as well. Yes, I also found that immediate confusing. Might be time to start using two letters for the names of JavaScript libraries. ;-) It most likely the content providers sending Netflix these alterned movies is as it is way too much work for Netflix to do this cropping themselves. I think it is customary for every film to have a "pan and scan" version created by the studios/content providers: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan-and-scan Now, Netflix may be at fault for purposely not requesting letterboxed formats, and opting for the cropped 16:9 versions. Sort of similar to this base64 encoder I wrote to speed up ThreeJS float data streams. Seems more complex though that the stuff that I did. I had good performance gains versus JSON as evidenced by this popular JSPref: http://jsperf.com/json-vs-base64 Great article but 9K lines of code isn't that large, it is probably medium size. For example, http://Clara.io , our 3D design as a service offering, is already 52K LOC in just our core and that excludes the 30K LOC of external libraries. I think that creating 3D content using a WebGL-based application and then allowing export to 3D CSS may be a better solution rather than just creating the 3D in a CSS special purpose application. But admittedly, I'm biased because I'm a developer behind http://clara.io Be sure to apply for the beta, I can let you in immdiatel.... Clara.io is built using ThreeJS as your article recommends. I'm actually the third largest contributor to ThreeJS by commmits, so we are giving back where it matters too. Two years ago (October 2011) I submitted this idea to the first Shopify Fund ( http://www.shopify.com/fund ): "The second idea is to create a POS system that integrates fully into Shopify. Thus one can use Shopify to manage sales for all the store's inventory both those that one sells through the web and also those that one sells from the physical store. The POS front end for Shopify will allow for Shopify to expand into those with both an online presence and those who also have a storefront. This is perfect for small businesses. I believe it could be very disruptive to the POS market because it would be very easy to adopt for customers." Back when I applied to the Shopify Fund there were little requirements it just asked for ideas: http://web.archive.org/web/20111018133854/http://www.shopify... I never heard back from them. I said what I said, I didn't accuse them of stealing the idea in my post. But there is a murkiness with these types of contests though where one asks for ideas from a community with the promise of rewards for the best ideas. Obviously in hindsight, my idea was a really good one (which was the point of the contest no?) but I didn't get funding, not even a response. I worked on some of the interface graphics for Paycheck, but not this particular scene. Fun work. Whoa awesome and very well funded it seems. I think Artillery.com would be a natural partner for our WebGL-based 3D content creation platform. They should check it out at http://clara.io Similar to how Unity3D is a natural partner to the desktop 3D content creations tools like Max/Maya. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/WebAPI/Pointer_Lock :-) Developed at Seneca College in Toronto, Canada. Dude, you should totally have a look at http://clara.io It is a perfect compliment to Artillery in that we are a web-based 3D content creation platform -- but we are distinctly not a game engine or a game editor. We would love to partner with you and I think there are a ton of opportunities. I moved to C# from Java back in 2001 for the RAD projects I had (still using C++ a lot when necessary though.) C# was a great language and it was faster than Java back then. But for the last couple of years all my RAD projects are now in JavaScript and it wouldn't go back. JavaScript frees me up, where as with C# I feel like I am in a straightjacket where I am forced to write a lot of boilerplate code just to do something quick (a simple Main requires a class to exist!)