GitLab on hosted hardware works great. I maintain two different instances. One of them automatically updates itself, and it just works. I think they will migrate the systems which they host VCSes. Since they may need to make changes in the code to suit them, abandoning the legal stuff makes using, modifying and contributing back stuff easier. Li-Ion batteries lose the ability to provide energy at low temperatures, pretty fast. If the battery is aged, the effect becomes much more pronounced. When using an IDE, memory consumption can be tolerated. Indexers, analyzers, open files, sometimes other tools which run with the IDE. However, to spend 800Mb to change a single file is too much. Atom is not a complete IDE as VSCode or Eclipse by any means. Yes Atom has IDE packages and capabilities are started to be rolled in, but it's too young. God knows what will be the memory usage of Atom when it grows to a complete IDE with project-wide knowledge. Also, having enough resources is never a good excuse for an application to use massive amounts of memory. IIRC uCode updates are volatile. You re-install them to CPU on every boot. OS actually does this for you. Care to share the URL of the video? It sounds pretty fun. Thanks, I'll take a look tomorrow. For more uCode work, there's http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ which contains some interesting bits. I find CPUs fascinating to be honest. While they are complex, they are not impenetrable. Playing with small assembly snippets and simulators helped me a lot to understand them. Also, other architectures such as MIPS and M68K have simpler to understand ISAs which accelerate the process of understanding these small wonders. Electron slow, bloated, uses a lot of resources for nothing. tl;dr: Electron is chromium browser with some disguise. It's not "The right thing (TM)". Atom doesn't use 80MB, it uses 800MB. On the other side, my Eclipse installation uses ~1100MB and runs whole array of analyzers and background stuff that an IDE should run. Atom runs nothing at the back or provides the same functionality while using 800MB. Also, Eclipse is portable around all major operating systems. Resource usage can be justified if the that resources is used toward something meaningful. C is "slower" than assembly, yes; however both assembly can be inlined into C, and magnitudes more can be done with C at near-assembly speeds. I develop in C/C++/Python mainly and in some other languages for fun and curiosity. Python is easy, but it's not as performant unless the underlying library is native, hence nobody is using it if it can't obtain very high performance in my field (scientific computing, HPC, and related areas). Actually, writing a low performance GUI is pretty hard since most of its cycles are idle. If you can write an application with a GUI which slow to respond to low-complexity, common tasks (naive text editing, input, menus, moving windows), something is very, very wrong (to be clear, GUI can trigger resource intensive background tasks, but that's not what I'm saying). That's a very nice perspective to think. First of all, for the 800MB thing, there's the source: https://medium.com/@caspervonb/why-i-still-use-vim-67afd76b4... and I've also seen this behavior while editing small Python files. I also had no other plugins other than the default bundle. So my atom installation was pretty lean. It looks like you're a web developer, I'm not. I develop at the system level, and for development scenarios Atom is nowhere capable as Eclipse, and seriously that's OK. Every IDE has its niche. I used atom as a pretty text and script editor for my needs, but its auto complete capabilities left too much to be desired for me. Honestly, maybe atom was not optimized for better memory usage before. Maybe there were memory leaks. Maybe my build was buggy (I used an official deb package BTW), or maybe he tested a buggy version, but these problems were (or are) real for some other people, and they may have been solved or not; but I'm neither the only, nor the last people who talked about excessive memory usage of atom. I loved atom when it first came out. I tried to migrate to it, but it has burned me with its radioactivity. So I returned to my dark corner under Eclipse to work and recover. > I just hate when there are perfectly valid problems and issues with a technology, but people ignore them and jump on the bandwagon of a non-problem. Same for me. I didn't intend to 'bash' atom and electron. I just wanted to point some problems with it. If my style sounded like bashing, I'm sorry, it was unintended. > Atom has made significant strides in the last year... Honestly, I may give it another shot, as a semi-IDE rather than a complete replacement to my Eclipse setup. I love to explore new applications and see what they do right and where they lack. > I may have jumped the gun here myself, I tend to get a little overzealous... I sometimes make the same thing. It's perfectly OK, we are all human. We all have some technology we like to protect as our only child (my soft spot is low-level & high performance tech). The key is to be able to recognize one's reaction and tune it little by little. I had my share in both sides of a flamewar and I'm very well done in that respect. BTW, I didn't feel like you did. I just wanted to say we sometimes overreact, and even if we don't project it to otherside or just to outside, we can learn from the experience. > If you do, I recommend doing a complete uninstall of it... I've completely removed every atom related folder from my home folder some time ago. I'll install the latest .deb package and progressively experiement with it. I won't tie anything important to that setup, so it will be an experiment bench for me. I'm using Eclipse for ~10 years, so I know the effort you put into setting it up. It's always worth it, don't worry. I maintain three eclipse installations (home, office, laptop) and they sync their settings over Oomph. So when I improve something in one, all three benefits :) When you use something for a very long time and set it up to your liking, it feels like home. :) This is not same for all cases. For example scientific and high performance computing, image processing, or other tasks which need short run times or applications where a single digit optimization results in hours of run time difference is always worth it. Also, since C++ is native, very memory efficient data structures can be written. This property can be leveraged to write very small, very efficient and very resilient loops to be written which can run for months at a time, and since you have the absolute control over memory management, you can prevent unwanted bloating or leaks pretty easily. Last, but not the least; CPUs weren't that powerful 10-15 years ago. My desktop computer was as fast as the first Raspberry Pi. Python, JS, even Java were very unpleasant experiences back then. This is not an apples to apples comparison. I've given examples from runtime, not from development time. OTOH, refactoring in C++ is not hard, at least from my experience. With some knowledge of the language, everyone can write reasonably bug-free C++ (or any other language) application in one go. Compilation in C++ is a different story. C# is not native. It's converted to CLI (was that the name, I don't use Win32 for ~15 years), then JIT compiles it to machine code, and optimizes over and over in every execution. Yes, C# is reasonably fast, but it's not native, cross platform (mono doesn't count), and designed to be a systems programming language. People tend to think C++ is overly verbose, no. Win32 programming model forces simple operations to be long and time consuming for a programmer to implement. Opening a file, serial port, or anything is a single line, because of the (while not everyone likes it) "everything is a file" philosophy, which makes UNIX and C++ much easier, verbose, and accessible. > It can be compiled to native code... In that sense, you are absolutely right. However, for simplicity I only thought about the out of the box experience, or by the de-facto implementation of the said languages, since it’s the most popular usage scenario as well. Well, I’m not very knowledgeable about Windows world, as I said before, I’m not using Windows for 15 years or so. So, my bad, sorry. Thanks a lot. I will read them as soon as possible. This feels like the CueCat from the 90s. A supercharged "I feel lucky" button. Honestly I can't understand why this is worth $5M funding. > Why is the phone made of glass if nobody is ever going to see it? For being a radio frequency transparent, premium material? > I still wish there was a smaller iPhone I upgraded to an X from a 5. The screen real estate really allowed me to not to turn on my computer at some nights, which I consider as a plus. I just read what I want to read, and reply a bunch of e-mails, then put it off. I use Debian testing on a EliteBook 850G2. I disabled the ATI/AMD gpu since I don't need its computing power, so I don't have any notes on GPU part, but with on board intel graphics, everything is very very smooth. Only non-functional item is the fingerprint reader. I get ~7hrs of battery life with normal system administration / development workflow on a KDE desktop. System runs very cool, and fan seldom kicks in if you push the computer hard. I've just remembered: I've used the laptop with a Dell U2411 monitor via DisplayPort, a Dell E2211H monitor via DP -> HDMI adapter and HDMI/DVI cable, both without any issues (incl. hot-plug). I can answer any specific questions if you wish. I use Belkin's charging mat for iPhone X, and it's not picky about the location. Just putting it approximately centered is enough to start charging. Lustre may be old, but it's hardly useless. Some of its capabilities cannot be replaced by any modern storage systems object and file alike. CEPH comes close, but cannot completely replace it. When you connect a thousand nodes to a single storage pool with high throughput and low latency requirements, not everything can cut it.