Thanks for your comment. Nr.2 is possible, thus the reason I decided to detach and try to analyze the situation more objectively, and I think in my case the truth is somewhere in the middle. Thanks @maxklein, this is really insightful. You are absolutely right, complaining doesn't change things. My priority in life is actually money (not wealth), since then I can earn freedoms I would otherwise not have, like working on what I like. And right now I don't earn much, but some of the people I work with have been great, so detachment is really hard to achieve. I'm thinking, as other people said, to work on a startup, but until then your advice is great: I should work on improving the team's morale. That would help everybody, including me. Thanks @SwellJoe, This is the kind of advice I searched for. I actually feel like a jackass, but I don't have experience which such conflicts and I let things get out of control. I actually was under the impression that I could change things just by pointing out the flaws. I was wrong of course. Unfortunately I am the type of developer that's interested in multiple topics, ranging from algorithms (parsers, data-mining, inductive reasoning), to usability. And it sucks because I have opinions about everything. Thanks, I would miss Mono. Yeah, but Youtube got acquired, and it really hasn't had a business model. I think this getting big fast is really useful when you want to get bought. From my pov those are anomalies, rather than the norm. For every Google, Youtube and Facebook, there are thousands of startups with similar strategies that fail. I think it is safer to go the long route and start small, working your way to the top, charging a price right from the beginning. If your application is useful, users will pay for it. When you're introducing revenue later, you have to provide extra value. This means more features and so you're endangering your core values. When you're starting to charge for existing features, by limiting the free accounts, you will surely upset your existing users. Google tried to introduce advertising in YouTube videos, and the community was not happy about it ... and imagine a site like YouTube placing a limit on how many videos you can watch. No matter how hooked your users are, you still can lose them, not to mention that popular services like YouTube got cloned and there is competition waiting for those users. People have been charging money or other goods in exchange for products/services since forever. I don't really understand this trend of releasing products for free. The only viable exit strategy is for your company to be acquired by a big player, but if you want your business model to be sustainable you should question this trend. When you're running Linux as your desktop, it's impossible to not hear about them. Their product is based on Wine, which is a pretty decent emulation of the Windows APIs, but it is a bitch to setup properly, so you start looking around for more professional solutions. CodeWeavers, besides their own contributions to Wine, have the advantage that they test their setup against popular software. I don't think he was looking for an original idea. Ideas are overrated and cheap anyway. QA is really useful, but there's a big downside to it. When you have people who's job is to test code, developers get lazy and sloppy. Also, bugs do appear in production if you can release code the same day you wrote it, but you can fix it as soon as you find out about it. In big companies that work with milestones (sprints in agile speak), only really critical bugs can be fixed between releases. Not to mention that most bugs are fixed after code-freeze, when all the deliverables of that milestone are ready, long after you find out about it. So I guess it's best to have QA, but also the freedom to deploy code on production whenever you want. Not to mention that politicians and the American people sent those soldiers in Irak ;) The commercial licensing still has value, because LGPL has the same restrictions as GPL, minus the clause that states that you can't combine GPL with licenses that have more restrictions that it. For example, it must be possible for customers to link your application to newer versions of the LGPL licensed library. And any modifications you make to the library itself must be also licensed under LGPL or compatible. Actually, Linux won over BSD because BSD's legal status was in question when AT&T sued BSDi. Also, Linux was appealing for hackers, as even today, it's harder to contribute to BSD, having a more centralized development methodology than Linux. http://www.mindfulnesscds.com/author.html Because "computers are useless. They can only give you answers" ;) > Templating tends to break down because it forces you to treat code and markup as two different and fundamentally incompatible things. Well of course code and markup are two different things, but incompatible? Not really. We use HTML templates simply to let the designers play with the templates without our interference. It also makes changes easier to integrate. Otherwise we could use a DSL and transform the syntax tree in valid xhtml (which many people are already doing). > Rather than poking holes in HTML to insert code, we should simply treat HTML as code. Actually that means poking holes in your code to insert HTML. And it's worse IMO. While I like some of the articles Jeff has published on his blog, but I've long since deleted the blog's feed from my list because the signal to noise ration is really awful. I like Coke more because Pepsi is too sweet for me. Actually that's not true. Functions in Ruby aren't first class citizens, and for a given function you can't request / modify it's syntax tree. Otherwise, I consider the blur between code and data a good thing to have. The second property you mention has a good name: polymorphism Well, Lisp. And even in C# 3.0, when passing lambda expressions you can request a syntax tree instead of a method reference. I don't think so. As much as free-software advocates like to pat themselves on the back, there are many projects out there that succeeded gaining popularity without a restrictive license like the GPL, and I also think that the GPL is so popular purely by fashion and because its restrictions are irrelevant for web-based applications. A project's success can only be attributed to the people working on it, and to sheer luck. Of course, it is kind of an incentive for companies to contribute back and for the community to have some legal protection, that's why I understand the need for LGPL or MPL. But GPL itself should not be considered open-source ... all the software you or I wrote is and will always be a derivate of public domain, and the usage of a library should not dictate the distribution rights of the final product, but only the distribution rights of the library in question. It's kind of ironic that proprietary platforms like dotNET are more open in this regard. Also, I don't think Apple did more harm to open-source than Red Hat did. At least they don't pretend to be some kind of saviors of humanity. The problem with Red Hat is that they sell a brand, not a product, and while many Red Hat employees are allowed to work on open-source stuff, there's no competition, no room for second place, no market. Unless you have a community of enthusiasts, like Debian of course, which is also technically superior in some ways, but those people don't see any direct earnings for their contribution. I know the term has rules for being used, but those rules are too permissive if GPL is accepted (not to mention GPL 3 which now includes hardware restrictions). If I want to run away with a library and do my own thing, I don't see a problem with that if I'm giving back the changes to the library itself. Otherwise it cannot be viewed as a public good, as some might suggest. You can't compare a public good, such as a road to GPL software, because you aren't required to transport your merchandise for free on that road ... I know, stupid analogy, but you get my point. Proprietary software shouldn't be considered a virus that we should get rid of, that's not an open mindset in my book. Look, I'm not questioning their contributions, just the current state of affairs. If Red Hat vanished tomorrow, Linux would still be developed and maintained, even though it would suffer a setback. That's because there are many other companies and communities that help with that. The problem is that only Red Hat earns serious money directly from selling Linux licenses, although it relies on contributions of many other companies and individuals to do so. The other companies only earn money from complementary products and consulting services ... services which don't scale unless you're a superstar developer charging $500 / hour or you have lots of resources to hire lots of people to answer support calls. Although they shouldn't care since they are a company, and I do appreciate their contributions, the culprit is from my pov the GPL license ... and the perfect open-source license is LGPL-like ... that's all I tried to say. The web has always been 2.0 ... this potential of the Internet could've been seen since the early days of Usenet. The problem with websites was that companies couldn't wrap their head around the many-to-many communication and collaboration systems we see in use today ... and when O'Reilly coined the term suddenly people became aware like flies spotting honey :)