Updated link: Are you thinking of working for a start up? http://weblog.raganwald.com/2005/03/are-you-thinking-of-working-for-start.html Thank you. If you're saying that AFTER Sequoia has backed a company, on some later, subsequent round people will pay more, I agree that is supposed to happen. But that doesn't mean the company was worth more at the moment Sequoia invested. I think the key difference between your means of valuation and mine is that I don't believe that the "market" is meaningful until the founders' equity is liquid. The "market" is only a useful guide where there is a meaningful correlation between the "market' and the eventual, risk-adjusted value of the company when it becomes liquid. In that respect, I believe that the VC PMV is a better indicator of the risk-adjusted Present Value of the company. VCs spend an awful lot of time and effort researching price, and they don't seem to be paying a huge discount to the risk-adjusted PV of companies they back. The plural of anecdote is not "data," however what I understand is that Angels as a whole are an unreliable indicator. YMMV, but if someone is telling you "We paid a dollar, but it's really worth two," I would keep my wallet locked in a safe. What can I say, except "carry on, it's your money!" But whether you would pay more or not, the subject was contemplating employment with a company and valuing stock options. Never mind generalities. If Sequoia have a wonderful track record for picking winners, I offered another means of calculating the value of the stock based on the likelihood there would be a liquidity event. Here's something to ponder: if the industry gets 20% and Seqouia gets 22% of their investments to a liquidity event, Seqouia is doing fantastically well. 10% better! But: how much does a 2% difference in likelihood affect the value of the stock for employees? Feel free to plug in Sequoia's actual numbers. I think you will find that they do not underpay as much as you may suppose. It would basically be a cheap way of getting in on their fund, assuming the premium wasn't huge. I would love to get in on their fund as well. But my post wasn't about investing, it was about valuing stock options so you could understand what they are worth on a risk-adjusted basis. What's the difference? Remember, when you invest alongside them you get all sorts of extra rights like double dips, convertible shares, preferred, and a zillion other ways to get money in situations at the expense of founders. This is why it is very important not to assume that just because a name brand VC invests in a company that employee options or founder shares are somehow worth as much as you might pay for those same shares if you are the same VC. If anything, employee options are worth much, much less, because VCs can get some of their money back if there is a modest wind-up or merger, whereas employees only cash out if there is a major event. good professional behavior is a must The problem is "what is professional"? here's one view: http://tinyplanet.ca/projects/professionalism.html Treating ppl with civility is a must That ought to go without saying, but sadly... it is rare, especially on the Internet. I rarely write anything with a specific audience in mind, but I confess I was looking through my "logs" and noticed how much traffic I have been getting lately from news.ycombinator.com. This is my way of saying, "thanks!" I hope you enjoy it. If PG has something worthwhile to say, it is true whether he has a vested interested in the truth or not. If it is false, it can be debunked without questioning his motives. Here is what I have observed about people. In general, people with vested interests do not lie. What they do is pick and choose the truths they want to share. So someone with an investment in an online photo editor might say that "people are now writing online photo editing applications," but is unlikely to say, "that are faster and have more features than Photoshop." Is that bad? Of course not. There are this other group of people with no alleged interest in the subject. They are called journalists. And you know what? My observation is that they are much less reliable than peopel with a "vested interest." Yes. That's how this industry works: everything closed, expensive, and exclusive inexorably becomes open, cheap or even free, and inclusive. Just because they're like that in Founder Hell doesn't mean they're like that on Sand Hill Road. You could choose to read the joke as meaning that "They're only like that in Hell" ;-) Many eyes win in blogging as well as in OSS :-) I agree, my first thought was that how KP defines a good investment is somewhat orthogonal to how someone defines a good business. You mentioned that a small exit is a home run for three guys in a room. Likewise, three guys in a room can be financed by Visa and Mastercard, they don't need KP. BTW, I upmodded you for helping me improve, thank you. I see a few others may have felt that the observation was not valuable to other YCombo readers. Please do not be discouraged from supplying authors with constructive criticism. If you care about karma, you can always use email or the comments on blog posts themselves. Thanks again. "What are these people thinking? Why are they going to VCs for venture capital to write social networking sites in Ruby on Rails? The whole point of Ruby on Rails is it gives you the ability to write applications without VC funding! That's what it was invented for! " Thumbs way up on this, Joel really captured the Windows API strategy with this. Couple this with "How Microsoft Lost the API War" and you have Joel's most pertinent thoughts. It looks very much like I didn't do a very good job of communicating my thoughts. I was actually trying to write an essay about the importance of the marginal. Can you be a little more literal and tell me what part of the post seems to say something about distinguishing the difference between computers and reality? Also, I thought I was hand waving the "99" thing and saying it isn't important how accurate the number is. Should I be more emphatic? Clearly, the author needs help writing parables that communicate a point with emphasis! The point was the irony of the IT guys arguing about cronyism in the movie while negotiating a deal that came about because the investor knows the founder's father. The investor suddenly realized this and wondered whether he really was putting the best people on the deal or whether the poeple he "trusted" would let him down, so he asks his EA to keep an eye on them. Thanks for the reminder, I didn't even realize there were profiles on news.yc! Summary: Many redditors feel that the OP wasn't trying to learn Lisp, he was thinking in C++ and trying to learn how to structure his C++ thoughts in Common Lisp. This was taken badly by the Lispers, who presume that the OP was not genuinely seeking to learn Lisp. (This is just my summary of what I read, not my own feelings about the subject). I laughed so hard I almost fell out of my chair. Nice one! No, it really isn't much fun. Nor is it fun for Chefs to sit in class learning about hand washing protocols (there is a right and a wrong way to wash your hands). Keep that in mind the next time you eat at a restaurant where they pay the food prep people minimum wage! "He refutes his own point about the free market when he says it is currently broken (businesses hire students with Comp. Sci degrees even though they can't necessarily program well), but that the same broken free market will be sufficient to determine if programmers can program well." You are assuming that the goal of the free market is to hire good programmers. It isn't. Do you think managers are holding their heads in their hands, moaning that they can't find good programmers? Outside of start ups, they don't care. That is why I say the free market works. Yes, business hires Comp. Sci. people from "JavaSchools," but that's what they want! I am not suggesting that someone with this hypothetical certification is an expert, or even good. I think I said that five or even six times in the post. Don't confuse the rant with a hypothetical measure of a "good programmer." It isn't!!! It is a description of qualities I personally think are necessary but not sufficient. Please do not put words in my mouth about what I value and what I disparage. I said I do not care about certain things for the purpose of having this hypothetical certification. Take a few minutes googling me or reading my blog before deciding what I value or disparage. So back to the free market: the "problem" with the free market for programmers is similar to the "problem" with the free market for pollution, worker safety, and a bunch of other things we regulate. We have discovered that left to their own devices, businesses will make choices that expose their workers, their customers, and the public to danger. I don't care if a business making software for dive computers hires someone who takes four times as long to write code for half the hourly wage. The business can make the call about whether this makes sense. But I do care that the calculations are not broken, exposing me to death through Oxygen Toxicity, Nitrogen Narcosis, or the Bends. I'm not going on a crusade, it's just a post, but it's obvious to me that if businesses are left to make choices for themselves, they will put their customers in harm's way. And that's all I want to prevent. Summary: certification of the type I described is meant to be necessary but not sufficient. It doesn't say a Chef can cook well, it says a chef will not accidentally poison the soup. Nice. Did you know that Port goes well with Fruit and Cheese? You may find this goes well with that: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2005/07/why-you-need-degree-to-w... ;-) I think it would make more sense to complain about the protocol and change it in such a way that it is impossible to get around it (without it being so tedious). Isn't this the basis for things like binary milestones, iterative development, continuous integration, and so forth? An attempt to set up the system such that the easiest thing to do is also the highest value thing to do, without being too draconian? In the end, carrots work better than sticks, I quite agree. By your argument, we should abolish laws regulating workplace safety, product safety, and pollution control. All of these things could be enforced by consumer demand, but they are not. All of these things impose a cost on business, driving up prices. There is room for believing that the free market should be unfettered to the point that businesses can be left to choose what level of safety to provide for workers, left to choose whether to make safe products, and left to choose whether to pollute our environment. If you believe that, I think we differ at some axiomatic level, not a logical level. I know that businesses are making "rational" decisions. But just because it "maximizes their utility" doesn't mean I want them to do it. Enron was rational. Why do we pass laws against its behaviour? Why can't we leave it to the marketplace to choose where to invest? Again, this is a deep, axiomatic issue. If you are fundamentally against a regulated environment, I understand your view without agreement. I read that article when PG published it, and again when you mentioned it. What makes you think I gave a defensive or emotional answer to the intermediary who asked the question? I'm perfectly aware of the fact that the person asking the question either considers this piece of data of paramount importance OR they have twenty resumes on their desk that all look the same, and they're looking for an easy way to winnow the pile down to three, so even if it isn't that important, it's a way to shorten the pile. I personally doubt that they were looking at twenty nearly-identical resumes. My experience is that either of two situations hold: first, they might really believe this is the most important thing they need to know, or second, they might not be particularly skilled at identifying good candidates. Note that I am not claiming I'm a good candidate: but if I'm not worth an interview, they should be able to tell without that question, the facts are in plain view.