I think the difference between your broken and his broken is that his are actual bugs & crashes and yours are actually more like personal preferences and interface differences. MS Office products are generally rock solid, while OpenOffice/LibreOffice have crashed on me too many times to count. Plus buggy functionality, etc. I might be wrong, some examples from both sides wouldn't hurt :) It's because in this day and age, I shouldn't be turning the lights off, ever. They should be turning themselves off. We humans are quite bad at rote work... Well, even among developers there's clustering. So not many developers are "most productive" using those DVCS. Probably because they have never heard of them or never used them, but it doesn't really matter right now. If your name is Git, you're number 1 in the DVCS space. If your name is Mercurial, you're a distant 2. If your name is neither of them, only a few people have ever heard of you. Sort of like this: http://xkcd.com/435/ And ideally, too, "the little man" should also have a gun, for a course of action against aggressive entities. I'm an European, I guess we just don't get it (the US legal system or the gun laws). Does it work with Cygwin? About Icefrog - I can't really say anything about his programming skills - I think he must be decent since he optimized the JASS scripts used by the Warcraft 3 engine and he also created tons of fun stuff using it. As a comparison, his predecessor, Guinsoo, had created a map with a 10 minute loading time (!). In Icefrog's reign I don't think any map had a loading time above 1-2 minutes on a decent computer. Anyway, getting back to the topic - I don't know about his strength as a programmer, but I think we could all learn from him as a community leader. Anonymous leader, rallied a lot of people around him (a few other coders, a lot of testers, a TON of contributors), gave Dota a rhythm, a release flow that made Dota huge. You'd play the game knowing that game crashing bugs would be fixed ASAP, that game play balance issues would be resolved, that the next version would make everything just BETTER. A ton of dedication and hard work didn't hurt either :) First thing that hit me when I visited the link was a huge newsletter overlay on top of the blog, with the blog grayed out in the background. I think that the blog author might be one of the people you mention (the "viral" kind) :) That's because they don't have nice, human readable COM (and WMI) wrappers. I don't think they had time to implement them - they kept adding more and more from v1 to v2 and v3. Every time you have Win32 spilling over in Powershell, it looks like crap (0xA). The personal license (aka a person owns it, not a company) is €179. From time to time they have huge discounts - they had a Black Friday discount of 75%. Recently there was a 50% discount. Just watch the news on reddit or here :) This is a good article about this problem: http://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-personal-names Except for the fact that it was last updated in 2008 :( I'm guessing he's a Digital Ocean employee :) If he's just the CEO then he's an employee :) For Jenkins - they took almost all the users. I doubt we'll hear much about Hudson in 5 years time, unless something major happens. I think only Oracle, Sonatype and a handful of other companies are using Hudson these days. All the companies I know have migrated to Jenkins. Aaaand the AppStore basically destroys Open Source since it doesn't allow distribution of GPL programs. If that's not FOSS hostile, I don't know what is... This is the initial, rough port to Blink. I'm quite sure that as development advances it will look a lot less like Chrome and a lot more like Opera. They should definitely move this from their homepage. Right now it's the default download = BAD IDEA. Considering the font antialiasing problems and all the missing features, the should probably make it the default download around 16 or maybe even 17. They're rushing it and it might hurt them badly. Reputation loss is hard to recover from :) > If you buy certain instances you get can a better connection to EBS, and then you can allegedly buy better I/O for $ You actually buy provisioned IO. The throughput can be actually smaller in some scenarios than for non-provisioned IO, provided you: don't have neighbors or they are not noisy. And boy, is that provisioned IO expensive (we've bought quite a bit of EBS volumes). > Gameplay-wise, DotA is very cutthroat in that a single hero can go rambo and 1v5 the other team if he gets out of control, while LoL generally allows you to come back if you play smartly with your team. The same thing happens in Dota, too (especially if you play smart). The game has very good comeback mechanics. If you're losing you'll be fighting closer to your base (so it takes less time to buy stuff and to go back and heal), you'll probably be around your towers (so you'll have additional firepower), you'll also have better vision and a position on higher ground (same as in real war - higher ground = better position to fight), you'll probably be underleveled and respawn faster if you die, so you can come back into the fights faster, if you kill the higher leveled enemy you get a LOT of gold and experience, etc. 1v5ing in Dota only happens in very low level games where most people don't know the game and their characters. Sadly, many players don't know it and think it's Quake or something :) Well, for me that's a fault. Why should the search have to begin with the starting letter of the site? Or why should that be favored? I'd rather point me to the most likely site containing that letter/group of letter. Oh well, it's probably personal preference :) I think they're written dozens of times that systemd can run sysvinit scripts. In your experience is that feature not good enough? After hearing both sides of the argument over and over again (for systemd and against systemd), my only regret is that Ubuntu is not replacing upstart with systemd, so that Loonix will have a uniform boot system. To all the systemd naysayers, please read the docs before commenting, 90% of the comments against systemd look like they've been written by someone who: a) hasn't used systemd b) hasn't read anything relevant about systemd Basically most comments come straight out of the blog post about systemd myths. That's really, really sad. ~400+ K in 2 hours. The start is definitely good, we'll have to see if they keep it up. If you're giving Youtube comments as a shining example of quality and stimulating comment, I guess something is totally wrong in this world. Even with the new rating system, the comments on Youtube are the best example of human stupidity. C:\users\myusername - so far so good. C:\users\myusername\work - good. C:\users\myusername\work\projectname1\ - still good. Now checkout here the root of your favorite SCM from a project with 30+ developers. There's a good chance that you'll run into problems. /rant Or wait, let's do it the Unix way! Isn't "etc" obviously "configuration"? And "bin" obviously "programs"? Yes, let's all use short, non-intelligible folder names like they used back in the days of teletypes when we have 24+" monitors. And let's add on top of that some inside jokes from Bell Labs or Berkeley while we're at it ("spawning daemons").