Hopefully it's simply to obscure to get any kind of pre-order status. Yeah, the whole 34/68GB is all on a single beefy server. There are systems that let you access remote node's memory in a NUMA type system over fast interconnects, but they're _very_ expensive and have horrible latency. Look up INTERCAL. Brainfuck isn't too hard, just tedious. INTERCAL on the other hand was designed to be as big of a pain in the ass ass possible. People like to use the phrase "fighting with the compiler," but this is a language where the compiler is actually actively out to get you. : ) Well, in their defense, while someone may not be called an Autocad engineer, they can certainly be called civil engineer focusing on concrete stresses. Calling them an Autocad engineer would be like me calling you an eclipse or vi programmer. Ultimately I think we're confusing tool and end product here. I think you're missing the original point I was trying to make. Java and .Net aren't really the tools, they're the medium in which you work. Just like that civil engineer understands the trade offs invovled with different kins of concrete ad using it in different ways, the Java programmer understands the trade offs involved with the API and VM, in addition to generic CS tradeoffs. Look at the following two fake resume excerpts: Bob T. Builder : Civil Engineer with Emphasis in Concrete Stress ---Skills--- Autocad : Industry Used Physics Modeling Software Suzie M. Hacker : Java Programmer ---Skills--- Eclipse : Ant They seem roughly equivalent to me... Actually, I think he did it on a significantly less powerful system. Just an Athlon64x2 or similar. CUDA could speed it up considerably. Actually the DMCA has an exemption for allowing software interoperability. This sounds like exactly the situation that it was designed not to protect against. I totally disagree with the point of this article. It's (fairly) easy to add features until you're UI is cluttered. The hard part is making the decision between what features need to be added and which detract from your final presentation. In most cases, I've found that the right balance finds itself closer to minimalism than not. He's tried to, but it exploded all of the computers in a five mile radius. Now he has nothing to blog with. I can't think of a modern OS/ISA combination where that's the case. State will get saved on a kernel mode stack (if not somewhere else totally). This is because the stack pointer is controlled by user mode, and you don't want it to do something like set the stack pointer to some area in kernel space, and then invoke a software interrupt in order to overwrite privileged code or data. This is a pretty commmon technique in video games generally referred to as "data driven design". Basically put as much of the runtime decisions that are made into a data value that can be tweaked by designers without having to ask an engineer to do it each time. That's too bad, I was really looking forward to playing around with TSX on some side projects. And as an engineer, this makes sense to me. True innovation in the field is respected just as much as if not more than implementation details. Not to mention the issues with reference counting in general. Having to make sure you don't have (even indirect) circular references means you have to explicitly think about ownership anyway. IMO, the fact that they decided to respond at all is a really good sign for the viability of RISC-V. > Wherever you would have written "socket.close()", in rust you can just say "drop(socket)". The difference is, it takes advantage of the ownership system to statically prove that you won't try to use the socket after close. Does a drop somehow say something to the type system as well, disallowing reads and writes afterwards? I'm new to rust, sorry if that's a stupid question. Linux won't run on most Cortex-Ms that this is for. These devices have 192KB of RAM on the high end and no MMU. It's back up now. To play devil's advocate, I can't think of a single mainstream distro that doesn't fork and patch the kernel as well. And one of Android's original use models was a non touch screen connected to a keyboard (mainly for Blackberry style smartphones before they were sure that slates would take off, but still...). And it's what's being done now on mainframes too. What was lacking in the commodity processor space was hardware support for mature hypervisors that stay out of the data plane (IBM got this right pretty close to the first try). We're almost there, but there's still some work IMO. Because you don't use libraries? Actually OS/400 isn't quite what I'm talking about (despite being really cool!). {AS|OS}/400 is more like a cross between a minicomputer and all of those promises of a Java OS we were given in the 90's. I'm talking more about the mainframe level stuff, like z/TPF on the software side and adding address space tags to the channels on the hardware side. Basically that last one is a better implementation of an IO/MMU where a device knows that it's probably running under a hypervisor, can get requests directly from multiple VMs without the hypervisor's intervention, and the VMs requests are implicitly tagged with the address space of the VM so it's still memory safe. ie. a VM can't request DMA from a device that would be outside of it's allocated space, but it can still directly ask the device for DMA without involving the hypervisor directly, and the device can service multiple VMs (that last bit is what isn't really present with current IO/MMUs). Since Lua is Portuguese for "moon", is this a Sailor Moon reference? It's a pretty standard RISC about halfway between SH4 and ARM in RISCiness(TM). It's memory map is a little different. (For MIPS32 at least, not sure what KSEG of MIPS64 looks like) 80000000-9FFFFFFF is fixed to a cached view of the first 512MB of physical memory. A0000000-BFFFFFFF is fixed to an uncached view. Everything else is only accessible by mapping it via the MMU (both from a physical and virtual context). Last I played with MIPS cores, they were only soft fill TLBs, but maybe that's changed. Thumb2 is more expressive than MIPS16 IMO (but that's just, like, my opinion, man). Other than that, the microarchitectual differences between individual implementations greatly outweigh the influence of the ISA, but for an in order design at least you can probably make a MIPS that'll compete well with an ARM for less transistors. I'm starting to see more and more Cortex-Ms with DRAM interfaces. STM32F427s added them to their FSMC peripheral (their new discovery board has 32MB of DRAM actually).