The Icelandic domestic minister (which handles asylum requests) has announced that Snowden will be treated like any other asylum seeker[1]. That is not good news for Snowden since Iceland's take on asylum seekers is usually to not handle their case at all, or turn them back[2]. However Hanna Birna (the minister) has been highly criticized for her take on the issue, since it clearly contradicts the IMMI initiative ( https://immi.is/ ). And hopes are that the Parliament will handle his case. But in short, the Icelandic government is not going to do anything about Snowden. [1] http://www.visir.is/engin-sermedferd-fyrir-snowden/article/2... (icelandic) [2] some statisstics here ( http://redcross.lausn.is/Apps/WebObjects/RedCross.woa/swdocu... ) in icelandic too. Well, there might be 0.1% chance. I mean, Framsóknarflokkurinn just supported the new constitution, a bill put forward by the Leftist Green. They might yet surprise us. When is it being voted on? Are people going to gather around Alþingi? Has anyone planed anything to push the MP on letting this through? I don't get it, why is it so important to separate our cognitive system into infinite units, one for everything we can feel? Why can't we, as an alternative, not possess two believes at the same time? Composed by different parts of the cognitive system. One for example might go through the frontal lobe and be overwritten by "reason" (if there is such a thing), and the other might go through more rostral regions, and be overwritten by emotions (which, in fact, will manifest it self into muscle movments)? Another alternative might be that the same stimuli manifests it self in different ways at the same time, after going through different coginitive systems (no a/believe construct required). So the fearfull ("irrational") behaviour ("the alive") gets manifested in the sympathetic nervous system (into muscle movements, hormonse, thermo-regualtion),while the vocal ("rational") behaviour ("the be lieve") gets manifested in cognitive systems responsable for speach-like cognitions, i.e. frontal regions. The internet filter at the café I'm connected to at the moment (Stofan in Reykjavík, I'm sure some of you know the place) actually blocked me [following this link]( http://www.siminn.is/lokad-a-sidu/ ). Failing a class doesn't tell me anything. What does it even mean? Did 50% of the student not learn the material, didn't they learn but parts of it, what were the requirements, the criteria for "passing"? Who made that criteria, and what was it based on? A single pass/fail ratio from a single case study doesn't tell me anything. Especially if the data is not explained. I apologize, I'm new to HN, and not familiar with customs, good practice, and such. Perhaps I should have included ´[dev-doc]´ or ´[alpha]´ in the title. I've always been fascinated with naïve set-theory, and how it was refuted after it's apparent inconsistency, the famous Russell's paradox of the set of all sets that don't contain it self, and only contains it self if it doesn't etc. So supposing it's False, yields True, and supposing it's True yields False. But what fascinated me was not the Russell's set, but it's inverse, the set of all sets that contain it self, lets call it S. For the statement S is a member of S —the set of all sets that contain it self, really contains it self— yields True if and only if you suppose it's True, and it yields False if and only if you suppose it's False. S is therefore always consistent no matter the value. Both values are correct, but never at the same time. I don't know particularly what it means, but the fact that you can do this, makes me wonder if this super-consistency is applied anywhere else in the philosophy of science, but nobody has ever realized the equivalent inverse, and therefor never demonstrated the inconsistency. I lived in San Francisco as an illegal immigrant, with a bachelors in psychology and a newly found interest in computer science, not able to enroll to a graduate program—nor undergraduate for that matter, I thought I could volunteer as a research assistant in some lab in the Bay Area. How wrong was I. In the off chance that some professor was interested (some professors are cool people who don't follow customs for the sake of customs), the schools bureaucratic system rendered it impossible for the professor to accept my free (as in beer) service. Now that I'm back in my home country, with it's free (also as in beer) education system, I'm unable to tackle the project I'm interested in, for professors tend not to facilitate projects that don't fit in their narrow field of interest (reads, the main topic of their 10 most resent publishes). The university system truly suppresses spontaneity and unorthodoxy. Even though most of my code is in Python and JavaScript, and probably is going to remain that in the near future, and by far the majority of my Lisp coding is and will remain in ELisp, Scheme is, and most likely will remain, my favourite programming language. I don't use it for any practical reason, on any code that others might pick up on and build on top. I use it purely as a hobbyist language, and for that it's awesome. Scheme is how I learned Computer Science (even though I learned how to program in Python). Scheme is awesome for multiple reasons, more reasons than other languages in my opinion, and popularity is not one of theme. And that is perfectly fine. hmm, you are correct. S really isn't that interesting. And my scepticism towards justification through non-contradiction because of possible super-consistancy is therefor based on false premises. > The most difficult task was to teach them things they were previously taught incorrectly. That is an easy thing to fix. If they take everything the teacher tells them at face value, they are bound to to repeat silly errors (and worse, biases,) in the teachers knowledge. If you teach them that the teacher might err (including you), then it is so much easier for you to demonstrate how they know wrong. Even better, if you fail at something while teaching (everybody do), they will be more likely to correct you, and you will learn something from them . Well, if efficiency is the endgoal here, than bean cultivation seems way more logical answere to beef alternatives than fake meat. You basically take the the food you would otherwice feed your cows, stew it together with some saffran and beet juice (the same colorants as for the fake meat) and you have your economy-burger. No intermediate step which takes 10 times the space of a traditional meat-farm, no anti-biotics, fat-free and no need for any living, breathing animal slughtering. Honestly I cant find a single logical reason why this artificial-meat buisness is a good idea except for "just because we can" Humanity has never -- with the exception of extreme cases, historical or modern -- eaten as much meat as the western man does now [1]. The only reason we eat as much meat as we do, I think, is out of marketing. The perceived need for more meat is therefor to saturate the marked. The problem arising from growing meat consumption include, pollution, maldistribution of food, animal suffering, wasting of land and resources, wasting of water, etc. [1] I suppose I need a reference for this claim, but think in terms of economy and you'll find that no other culture can afford this much land and resorces to go under meat-farming other than current western cultures --edit-- I forgot about humans living in extreme environments that live (by necesity) almost exclusively on meat, like the inuits in Greenland, before major western influence. It doesn't change the fact that the majority of all culteres do, and have in the past, eaten but a porportion of the meat that the average westerners eat today. Stem cells don´t sell unless they come with hamburgers No, I can't find a single logical reason. Saturating peoples appetite for overmarkeded type of food doesn't seem logical to me. Just because people will pay money for it, doesn't make it a good idea. I'm going to make political remark because the issue by its nature is very political. We are wasting time and energy investigating solution to a real problem from the wrong end. Doing science is not enough to solve this problem, we need to do politics too (or social science for that matter). Infact doing science might ultimately lead us to enhance the problem. Now we are looking for a way to make a very wastefull behavior more economy friendly. Meat consumption at the current mass scale is unpresidented and there is no reason to enforce it. Alternatives include alternative diet, less waste, better usage of the food we already grow. We have found brilliant ways to cultivate food at minimum cost, but it is not securing the majority of our species food intake. And the western meat marked might be the biggest factor for this injustice. Now trying to solve it by further saturating the western marked with meat -- a product that is to blame for this mal-distribution of food -- is not going to solve any problem. It is going to shift the attention away from the real issue at hand and further stabilizing a marked that is currently really unfair and damaging. Im sorry for the misuse of the word 'logic'. By 'logic' I ment 'makes human sence'. But I was wrong there too. For investigating in means to satisfy our tastebuts, more economly, sound really human to me. I guess, what I'm saying is simply that the time and effort going into artificial meat, and the promise it is going to generate will probably end up in continued overcomsuption. Totally overshadowing the social consernes. I only wish an investigation into how to behaviorally modify our species from doing wastefull and damaging stuff on mass scale, would get as much funding and attention. > Blaming marketing for meat consumption is somewhat unfair - people love meat - in the past it was reserved for the rich and wealthy Don't be confused, it still is. The sepparation now just spans continents instead of classes. You are right, and I edited me original comment accordingly I'm also really excited about the integration of Julia and IPython. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6173212 Only if the authors are also the copyright holders, ironically that is rarely the case. What is recognition? What are intentions? These terms are void of meaning outside of human context. So if intelligence is defined around those human-centred terms (that are even too vague to account for human-specific intelligence[1]), surely nothing will ever be considered intelligent but a human being. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bell_Curve So what you are saying, is there is a hierarchy of hierarchies. Westerners suppress non-westerners. Within western society, whites suppress non-whites. And within white westerners, the upper-class suppresses lower classes. And within the white- upper-class western society, males suppress females... One can continue. Perhaps there is a tradition of suppression, starting at the bottom and reaching the top. I mean, women are suppressed within all classes, all societies, all races. (Generally speaking of course). Perhaps any kind of repression breeds further repression? My point is. There is no need to stop focusing on systematic suppression on one group, just because other groups are also being suppressed. EDIT: Before anybody comments on this, I know this presented hierarchy doesn't exist. I mean, I could as well have started with, "males suppress females, and within male society western males suppress..." (so there is more like a heap of hierarchies). I just used this as an example to make a point. That is treat a human being like she does not have emotions. That is treat a human being like something that is an object. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/objectification