i'm a member at the MeFi too, and agree that even that little fee helps keep the morons out (the odd misguided marketing twit notwithstanding). Want proof? Check this out: http://www.thatsaspicymeatball.com/comments/ Compares the latest MeFi comments with the latest Youtube comments :) what if someone comes in to ruin the fun, and just keeps hitting the "reject" button on perfectly good responses? How about a flagging option, like "flag this as spam". Lately, /newest is being used more and more to flog whatever site (currently web design in newcastle upon tyne, of all things) Doesn't Yahoo as a company own part of its own shares? My guess would be that MS would've bought those shares. Also, I would've thought an infallible deity such as yourself would know correct syntax: "where would the money have gone to" ;) that site seems to be under construction...? what's an "mm"? mega millions? :D MM in roman numerals would be 2000 knee-jerk, much? "is php becoming like every other language?" Maybe that's for the better. It'd give everyone using the language a nice reprieve from the usual "hurr lawl php kiddie language!" trolls. "so is it good for fast scripting but poor for real programming" Yes to the first part, and a warning to the last part: What constitutes "real programming" is a question of definition, and here be dragons, as such discussions almost always devolve into "my [favourite] is better than [your favourite]". There seems to be ample amounts of hatred for PHP here, leading me to believe that either a) people here have never met a GOOD php developer, or b) a minority of users here enjoy the "my favourite scripting language is more obscure than yours" circle-jerk bugsear.ch :D Web 3.0 will mark the return (revenge?) of the enterprisey, faceless corporation. Their numbers will be legion, and to be recognized by their bevelly, drop-shadowed logomarks. Thanks, but no thanks. Yeah.. what's this with "Right now"? I suppose you could get the latest nightly (or go look up which nightly they've considered as the 3.0 final), but this is just shoddy journalism. Slow news day at webmonkey? Fatal error: Maximum execution time of 30 seconds exceeded in /var/www/taggl.net/www.taggl.net/_data/all.api.inc on line 223 Cos it's based on IE, one of the worst browsers available. "Gets you thinking huh..." No, not really. i like how, if you block the cookie, the whole site just fails to load. Why do I have to be logged in to edit the list of stocks? Your site should be ranked according to its content, and subsequent relevancy to what visitors are searching for. Not according to Latest SEO Trick #29832 that you* read somewhere. (* "you" not meaning you personally, of course) Maybe try http://www.scivee.tv , which touts itself as "provid[ing] community tools for researchers of all levels to share their science, connect with their peers, and respond to scientific data. Researchers can see and hear scientists describe their scientific research, join specific interest communities, participate in scientific discussions, and create a comprehensive multimedia representation of their own research." font-family: monospace; background-color: #fff5c7; color: #000; padding:1em; border:1px solid #ffe87d; line-height:1.5; "It is better to explicitly list the fonts that best match the body text before monospace." What does that even mean? And I chose monospace only as not everyone has Consolas or Andale Mono installed. As for the line-height: I went for a balance between easy legibility and still getting lots of text in the space. But I guess it's up to the OP to fiddle with the spacing issues. Let me introduce you to bookmarklets, specifically the "zap" bookmarklets: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html one problem right off the bat with dibs.net is that, as with seemingly 100% of US-based sites relying on geo-location information, it fails horribly outside of the (US-based) developer's market: I'm currently in Lucerne, central Switzerland, yet it put me in Emmen, a sleepy suburb north of Lucerne. Edit: A quick re-test with the google map thingy shows me that dibs.net doesn't even want to know about Lucerne, and instead is fixated on suburbs and villages around Lucerne :( My advice: Until there's some magical geolocation service that works 100% all of the time, don't offer it. I know I can change it on your site, but many many many people won't be doing that. A better design for Craigslist has already been done here: http://craigslist.thebignoob.com/