This was why I stopped using LinkedIn an Groupon though. The others are slightly deceptive, but not to the point of blatantly invading privacy like that. I'm facing this. I think it's a kind of trauma. I've dealt with death march projects too often, often becoming the 'hero' who has to bail out everyone's butts. At three points in my life, I've worked about 100 hours straight to rescue a project. I'm recovering. I tried coding something I like, but that didn't help. I tried vacations and sleeping it off. I tried binging on games. What works for me is a fan base. It's great to know your work has impact on people. It's nice to get "this is awesome!!" feedback, and better yet cash donations. I think the team itself has very little to do with it. There are awful teams, but in general, you can still get the same feeling from a superb team and great people. Productive engineers = happy engineers. Maybe try a simple project that you can feel the results. Especially if it can net you positive feedback. $25 last month, $0 this month. Founded in Malaysia, a year old. Three employees including me and my cofounder, and our operations executive who takes no equity. Funded $2500. Profitable but screw bootstrapping. It's usually about ego. It's not always bad people who have big egos. Sometimes good people have a large ego too. Consider the person who was told at 5 years old by his parents that he'll never be as good as his classmates. In school, they were told the same - by teachers, bullies, other authority figures that they'll be worthless unless they do something a certain way. Sometimes good people get pressured into this by friends, spouses, in-laws. Such a kind of person would be eager to prove others wrong. This is the kind of person who chases 'success'. They'll want to prove they are successful as a form of revenge or a way of impressing the in-laws. Buying expensive cars is the most obvious way. Or suits. Clothes. Houses. Sometimes there's insecurity and self-doubt. Everyone wants to improve, but the line for improvement is really vague. So they make it relative - compare progress to someone else rather than anchoring it to something solid, like savings. To many of these people, narrowing the minimum wage bar would be frustrating as it proves that they are hovering on the minimum line. Almost all my death marches happened when the project is being authoritatively led by a non-engineer. An engineer's estimate is usually conservative. If someone says it'll take 2 months, it'll probably take minimum two months. If you have good engineers, they're not trying to slack off by padding estimates. Respecting project estimates go a long way. The right team also matters. In some, we had interns working on a key component. I'm not saying interns are bad, but generally you don't want grumpy, underpaid people to work overtime. The designer has to respect the engineers. If you do a design that sticks to guidelines or something like Material Design, you'll be fine. But some designers try something really weird, in order to win an award, and some of those tiny details are pointless but would take 50% of the production time. I actually did ragequit in most of those jobs. I know it sounds tantrum-y, but I'd say it rescued a lot of those projects. When you quit a well-paid job, the company immediately assumes that you have a very good reason to quit and starts listening. Then they allocate some resources, like a tester, dedicated designer, and the API guy sits with front end for those 100 hours straight. Probably a lot more lol. For a founder of a non-profitable seed-stage startup, it's around $700/month. If you take a government grant, it's closer to $350/month + your tech skill market rate. Around these parts, it's quite rare for a founder to be full time on investor-funded salaries. Founders are expected to have a full time job, and pay a technical guy on the side. By comparison, a good engineer (3y, non-elite degree) would make about $1500/month. Yeah, but I do software development on the side. Inflation really hit hard over the last 10 years (like living costs practically doubled), so savings don't go very far. I'm in Malaysia. Yeah, the local market sucks here too. On the flip side, a metric like this has made some people a little too GitHub happy. They would put up private code because they liked the little activity indicators, and commit every 15 minutes of work. But now that I think of it, maybe they were fishing for another job. First, let's define value vs price. Price is how much the "valuation" is, exit price, maybe even cash flow. Value is how much wealth it creates. PG wrote a lot on this: http://paulgraham.com/wealth.html Basically build something really valuable, then figure out how to make money from it. Different things have different value. For example, Google is something extremely valuable, but they charge a tiny amount compared to the value they provide. Twitter and Facebook create a lot of wealth too. Even though they seem like toys, they're powerful and influential media sources. What about Wikipedia? Peter Thiel brought up this idea of X% of Y wealth. Something can create 5 billion dollars of wealth, but doesn't monetize well. Examples are Wikipedia and a lot of scientific research jobs. Something very valuable can be bought for cheap. Something can be overpriced and become a "unicorn" without creating that much wealth too. How much money people have also defines its price. If two $50B companies want to buy out a company, it can be sold very expensive. But if the only acquirers are $10M companies, it's going to sell at a few millions max, even if it's the same thing. Acquiring is often used as a way to hire. If something like Facebook dumps $1B on building a messenger, they may not succeed. And then something like WhatsApp comes up and threatens their billion dollar baby. So it makes sense to acquire early to cut out the threat, even at a premium. There's also localization to deal with. Let's say you want an e-commerce company in Indonesia, a huge and lucrative market. Logistics is very crude, laws are complicated, and there's a lot of corruption and bribery to be paid where an American wouldn't even know where to expect. Starting one is extremely risky and difficult. Nobody wants to hire 300 people in a month. This is where it makes sense to acquire at a premium. The reverse goes for talent. Generally companies in Indonesia could not find the same level of talent, because the brilliant people have moved to Sydney, Silicon Valley, and so on. If tech was a key component in their dominance, it's easier to just buy an Australian company than deal with recruiting locals or starting a company in a tech hub. Ego of the acquirer also plays a big factor. Some people just have a lot of money and are in a saturated market where they can't reinvest it in themselves. Usually telcos. They want to dump it into something that makes money, like logistics or e-commerce or SaaS. They usually overestimate their ability and underestimate the difficulty of the task, so they won't pay very much to acquire. Finally, the price of a company goes way up if it can monopolize an industry. This is why Facebook and Twitter is worth do damn much. Nobody will go to another microblogging site if they don't have to. Interestingly, the Chinese have their own versions, which are just as rich. In general, 1. Do important things 2. Do difficult things 3. Do things rich people can't do 4. Network effects That makes sense, but in my case, I actually have a lot of full app releases which are more complex, with higher ratings than most jobs I'm applying for. Skill level and interest is no question. What I wonder is that sometimes it seems to be a moral stance. You can see all these companies proud of what they contribute to OSS, using that fact to attract engineers. So it's not just about skill and passion. I used to interview with a lot of companies on Saturdays. It seems that some people squeeze it into their schedule when they like a candidate. I'd be quite biased against you, honestly. Most engineers have huge monitors to take in a large amount of code in their head at once. How do you catch up? Text to speech seems like a slow way to input information, especially if people were nesting brackets and such. On the other hand, that challenge would make it extra tough for you start in the first place and there'd be some positive bias as well. So I'd wonder if we got a superhero here. I guess there's no point in interviewing. What would I look for? Passion? Most blind people would give up and find another job, so there's more than enough passion. Problem solving? Why not solve a real problem? What I'd do is stop interviewing and give you some really tough code. It would be the actual job, take about three days on average, and even pay three days salary upon completion. Maybe something shorter might take 1 day, but it's not big enough to cover the question of whether you can modify other people's code. Whoa. This is amazing . I love how you guys estimated company growth. This is my default job search tool now! I didn't even know a lot of these companies were hiring, because they don't post it anywhere. If I had one suggestion, it would be figuring out which companies are desperately hiring (paying for lots of job ads on various sites) vs the ones that are passively hiring. Maybe even check how long the jobs have been open. Hmm that's odd. It's on my personal blog and set to public. Anyone else have this issue too? I second this. At tech companies, you'll be treated with a degree of respect. With many non-tech companies, you can be referred to as "the guys who spend the money that the sales team makes". They'll also make you clone products from companies like Slack and question you why the performance isn't as good, when they've already allocated a budget of $10,000. I think lots of companies only interview up to Level 2. I won't mention a certain big one, but they just test to make sure your brain grasps the concept of pointers. They do pay upscale salary and are in one of the major startup hubs. I'd say Level 2 is the optimum to be comfortable in for a degree level if you do a lot of tough stuff. Level 3 if you're in something more niche like optimizations. A huge, listed company like Google or Microsoft might do Level 4, only because they have the money to solve problems that give a 0.01% improvement and want to maintain that competitive edge. There's a reason for this - the best programmers have an abundance of job offers. So it's good not to annoy the candidate too much or to stretch out the interview process very long. As someone who has done hiring, when someone says that it's a tough decision, it is. They probably would have hired you if the circumstances were different, like if they had a lot more money or if the other candidates were much worse. Most likely you nearly nailed it. Keep trying! Maybe you should reconsider how you apply. Your goal should be convincing your employer that you're either a great coder or have the potential to be a superstar coder. I have interviewed for a lot of jobs, and didn't require a technical interview for any of them. You don't have to win the interview! I first got over it with a very strong recommendation and a top degree. They gave me a technical test and I convinced them that they should just offer me 3 months probation at half salary, because that would be a better test. Later on by showcasing projects and convincing the employer that I was the expert. An interview would be like "Have you used Fragments?" and I'd just hit them back with every pro and con and horror stories of using Fragments. Then they give an offer without further tests. You should think of yourself as a hacker, trying to get past the door. Instead of bringing every kind of key with you, be creative and see if you can go through the windows. Do whatever it takes to avoid those whiteboard interviews! Convince them you're the right person before you get to that stage! However, do remember that in order to convince others that you're a great coder, you have to convince yourself. Code can be a very emotional thing, like writing. If you don't believe in yourself, you may end up worse at it. I had one electrical engineer who applied. She put pictures of her projects in her resume. I didn't know if they worked, but because there were a lot of projects with pictures, it immediately put her at the top. She didn't have to give me any schematics or even explain how they worked. 95% of resumes were "I am a results-driven professional with 4 years experience. Please hire me. I will work for cheap." That girl was a fresh graduate who showed more stuff in her college months than the "pros" did. She turned out to be the best engineer I ever had, even surpassing my own skill. Just my statistics: I don't have a valid working visa in the US and have been applying almost exclusively to American companies. My "interview" rate is 10%. 100% if it's with people I know, even if I'm completely unqualified. My "rejection" rate is around 50%, within 2 weeks. I assume the rest won't say anything if they reject. General job sites (the ones where you can also apply to be a carpenter, etc) are a waste of time. They probably get so many resumes they end up tossing half of them. Stack Overflow Careers gave me an awesome ~30% of interviews. As in I applied 6 jobs and 2 interviewed. Both of them were jobs I didn't fully qualify for. Generally, direct emails gave me a 100% (5/5) response rate. An email, like careers@company.com, not a form. Email lets me mention in subject line that I used to have a startup, so I stood out. Most of them rejected on lack of visa though. I do spend ~10 minutes per cover letter. I really dig deep, like an investor would. I convince myself that I'm doing the company a favor by joining before writing the letter. In the end, you just have to convince one company. If you have a lead, immediately latch to it... do research on the company, the interviewer, and write questions. There's a certain bar you have to cross to convince people to hire. It's better to optimize for a few companies than to try to reach out to as many as possible. If you feel unworthy, then optimize for the lower tier companies who have lower standards. Acting will always bring higher quality voice. But what's great is the file size. It's probably small enough to fit into a roguelike though. Or something like Dwarf Fortress. A portal where small companies could apply for bespoke enterprise technical projects, without the hassle of bribing officials or writing long tenders. Context: I'm applying for jobs and someone asks me what the coolest thing I've made was. I do apps, which are very technically simple compared to speech processing. So I dug up my old thesis and tried to simplify it into a blog post. Maybe it might help people learn something or attract people interested in this? Please do criticize ruthlessly, since this will likely end up on my CV. Yeah, I do a recipe app and would be willing to pay (very little) for something like this too. We could even go so far as edit the ingredient data storage to suit the API. Can you drop him an anonymous email? Or just pass a note to HR? "Failed" startup founder here. For me, it's just a matter of what's more cost efficient. Statistically it's easier to get a job than funding. Very little of funding ends up in founders' pockets anyway. Salaries and openings for developers have gone way up lately. Entrepreneurs need to chase the best opportunity and timing. Also inevitably, you come across competition. Ideally you become best friends with your competitors. Because statistically, fail rate is high. The best employee is very often someone who can build/sell something very effectively. The best employer is someone who views you as an equal, works on your vision, and admires your strengths. So competitors are often a perfect match.