Been looking for an answer to a related question on this. DRM technologies like "white box crypto," seem to be designed for the same use case. Is encoding sensitive operations in an application using these techs not a viable medium term mitigation as well? As a rider who has done some reading into the history, one of the things modernity does overlook is how horsemanship provided a practical philosophical basis for human morality. Going back to Xenophon (and Simeon before him), who wrote one of the earliest surviving treatises on horsemanship, the personal qualities it takes to ride and train were also the basis for leadership. Xenophon's work on the Cavalry General is mainly practical and tactical, but expands on some of the principles of horsemanship - a key one being, "nothing forced can be beautiful." The essence of it is that because they are prey animals, good horsemanship is necessarily an exercise in leadership. Dom Duarte's 13th century treatise (next on my list) is also about the moral qualities for horsemanship, and the classic "education of the king," by Pluvinel is about educating the king of France as a horseman, with an eye to developing the king as a leader. IMHO, officer training has always included horsemanship because it develops a kind of physical presence and fearlessness required to get people to follow them willingly. Glad to see something like this mentioned on HN, as revisiting the cultivation of leadership through physical and moral exercise is something we in tech could certainly benefit from. There's a unity of the set. The qualities of good horsemanship are essentially moral and physically cultivated qualities, and among those is the ability to be recognized as a leader and followed willingly by another creature in nature. I am saying the qualities that people recognize as leadership and follow willingly, are moral qualities that can be developed and taught, and there is a history of those being taught through horsemanship. A technology change in the 1730s made horses viable viable plow animals. It was a lighter metal plow (name escapes me), and ploughmen switched from oxen to horses. Horses were previously used mainly for military and business transportation via carriage and carts, but this change made them economical for farmers and ploughmen. Thing is, the temperament and intelligence of horses were different, and the non-military horseman as a profession was born. That was the origin of a lot of the so-called "gypsy," mysticism about "whispering," as there were tricks of the trade that ploughmen used to protect their business. The history is fascinating, and not unlike the way crypto is today. Where a former exclusively military technology proliferated to a trade class, who organized to "professionalize," it to preserve the integrity and value of its secrets. They formed something called "the society of the horseman's word," which was a pseudo-masonic group modeled after what Millers had done in their own trade. There is a bunch of hocus pocus around their history, but viewed as a trade association or guild, it makes economic sense. According to a history of ploughman culture, it was a lighter metal plow that made them economical vs. oxen in the 1730s. They are things that take physical work to achieve. Patience: it's an animal, it doesn't care what you want, but with work and education, you both transform. Perseverance: incremental work, with a living being that isn't subject to reasoning, is what makes the most change. Ownership and Obligation: the animal is your responsibility, it does not have responsibility, you own your failures. Decisiveness: related to ownership. Benevolence: xenophon's "nothing forced is beautiful," and (I think la Guerieniere's) "ask much, be content with little, reward often." exemplify these. Takt: the ability to express your intent simply, unambiguously, consistently, and with a stable emotional presence. Temperence, moderation, and sympathy: this is a living thing you can't just threaten into submission. Magnanimity: the animal is going to test you constantly, and you have to be greater than it. There are other aspects that the words we use today have been freighted with inaccurate critical interpretations, but they are similar to the Aristotelian virtues. These (among many) in addition to exercising the physical experience of leading, which means to be followed willingly. You learn how you don't just read about something and become it. Not disputing horse collar. Point made in a history of horsemanship (an in turn ploughman trades) was that the trade of ploughmen in england moved away from oxen more to horses as the result of a change in plough design. This excerpt may have been the design change that was referenced. "There was little attempt to change the design of the plough until the mid 1600's with the Dutch being among the first in improving its shape. This change in shape was soon discovered in Northern England and Scotland with Joseph Foljambe from Rotherham building and patented a plough having what was described as, the perfect implement then in use." " http://www.ploughmen.co.uk/about-us/history-of-the-plough" Perhaps there is a more direct way to discredit the implications of my original post? Activity friends are key, but that requires activities. The traditional networks around things like churches, rotary, clubs, chambers of commerce, masonry, hunt camps, golf, sailing, and political parties still exist and are open to members. They do require a level of sincerity and self acceptance that is perhaps outside the comfort zones of many younger people, but arguably so do friendships. Friendships for men in particular are fraught in the best of circumstances, but it's an extra challenge to live in a city and become someone other men respect enough to keep around over the long term. I interpret that there is an implication in what is described in the article that, when you set the region on your apple device, you get region specific iCloud keys provisioned to it. If that were the case, there is no reason why you couldn't provision from to an HSM domain that hadn't had its keys shredded. The implied architecture is there is a secure element on the phone with a unique key provisioned to it during manufacture - likely one that is derived from one of the HSM keys at Apple. However, since Apple cannot produce this individual device key themselves to do 3rd party device decryption, they must generate keys randomly in SE hardware on the device, using the user PIN as a derivation component - and somehow use SE firmware to set a fuse on the number of PIN tries. I don't know specifically how Apple does this, but the list of secure/viable approaches is short. (edit: unnecessary if they shred hsm keys.) I don't doubt Apple's integrity on this, given the heat they have taken over it in the west. But an "adaptation" of their infrastructure to serve that regional market wouldn't surprise me either. I'm skeptical of any scheme, and one that isn't presented in BAN logic tends to mean protocol designers have handwaved over where they are hiding things. Good examples of this notation are here. ( http://www.lsv.fr/Software/spore/table.html ). If they have weakened the scheme, the technical ways Apple may have conceded to Chinese requirements, are all discoverable. Breakable? I doubt that's viable given the security difference is an HSM with shredded keys vs. one where the keys still exist somewhere (probably in a duplicate HSM that operates the decryption service for Chinese govt). So still at least as good as any EMV payment system. We can speculate about how this is implemented but reality is tech companies while ubiquitous, are not sovereign. Yet, anyway. I did not intend to come off as salty as my comment reads either, no snark intended. The health sector is the Afghanistan of the tech business. It's entire history is of empires arriving to solve its problems, and after a decade and massive losses, they leave, mystified at how something so contained could be so intractable. The only people who survive there are the ones who don't try to change it. When you can send your diagnostic images to get a consult from 2 clinics in India and an expert system for less than the price of a three block ambulance trip in the US, prices for domestic care will come down. This dynamic is significant in the culture wars of today. As part of some work in architecture for some public sector projects, I read "The Nazi Census" which was a description of the technologies and techniques of the 1938 german census which was a basis for the NSDAPs brutal bureaucracy. ( https://www.amazon.com/Nazi-Census-Identification-Control-Po... ) One of the interesting parts was adding "unused," fields to the Hollerith punch cards for "future use," much like we use extensibility fields in data models today. The book says many of the people recruited to administer it were promoted from the ranks of the disaffected, often far above their level to ensure their loyalty. It was a technique used by the NSDAP, Stalin, and Mao, where they put country "peasant" types in administrative roles over towns and cities to exploit rural resentment of city dwellers. As a result, you can "steelman" the sentiments behind many conservative arguments by summarizing them as questioning the wisdom of handing reins of unimaginably powerful institutions and technologies to people who identify as victims with an implied entitlement to revenge, and who are not bound by the ethical frameworks of the deposed - the ones assumed when those techs and institutions were built. It at least provides a logic beyond evil and hatred. Regardless of whether it's accurate in the context, it's a heuristic for reasoning about the motives and quality of an argument. That is a sound observation. I think what we call identity politics is a divisive style of argument across the spectrum, and not a political stripe in itself. In the Jonathan Haidt model, conservatives tend to be rule seeking and internally group biased, where liberals prefer the opportunities created by external influences and focus on outcomes. Regarding the original article, 20th century wars figure prominently in the minds of conservatives, and it's worth considering that many good people are indexed on factors in a narrative that includes them. We do need a way to get sensitive data sets to researchers, there is a lot of public good and discovery to be had when we do. Cynically, when we were finding that de-identification of data was not a cryptographically secure or a viable solution for providing data sets to researchers who couldn't be trusted to protect them, a nagging voice would suggest k-anonymity and now DP were a way to obfuscate the distribution of risk in the solutions through layered niche abstractions, and use the ensuing confusion to get the data toothpaste out of the tube. Today, I like the idea that DP provides a set of information theoretic criteria for candidate algorithms for protecting privacy and anonymity. It also appears to provide practical tools for technologists to reason about information theory problems in their day to day work. It's hard to imagine it was acceptable to say, "sure you can do cancer/autism/health research, but first we need a viable generalized homomorphic encryption solution before we share our data with you," but that was the state of health information security up to even recently. The need for a class of non-cryptological (e.g. not certified algos), and non-zero-sum information privacy protection tools reflects how we actually use data today. I am still wary that project types will wave DP around like a talisman to ward off security analysts threatening their deadlines, but that's not DP's fault. There is a joke in here about how the response of security people to DP and privacy is often snark, but I will leave that as an exercise to the reader. Indeed, and I think the definition of privacy that security technologists were applying to health data (in my example) implied FHE or other solutions that were out of reach, as a barrier to doing important research. It was worth emphasizing these are very different concepts. My association of them was because they are posed as potential solutions in the same business problem domains. What seemed absent from the article is the effect of flat revenue on both their ability to make bond interest payments (pay down debt used for legacy transmission infrastructure), and the potential of higher interest rates on rolling debt (like utility bonds.) Debt could make utilities catastrophically vulnerable to disruption from sustainable players and battery makers, whose business models do not need to factor in those same debt/infrastructure costs into their energy prices. Not only would it be cheaper than grid power, the utilities will have a structural pricing disadvantage because they need to incorporate their debt and increasing interest rates on older debt into their cost model. Question is, what is the "it," that forces this change? Graphene capacitors? Interesting how uber exploited a similar dynamic with taxis, where medallion debt was a significant factor in cab ride prices. It suggest debt markets might be a place to hunt for disruption opportunity, where carrying costs create a structural price disadvantage for incumbents. I admit it was a bit of an afterthought. :) If we are in a world of rising interest rates, it suggests upward cost pressure downstream of companies who exploited the low interest rate environment to load up on cheap debt. Hypothesis would be companies and sectors with highest debt to income ratio would be most vulnerable and point us in the right direction. A quick google search showed utilities were indeed the ones with highest debt ratios, followed by "industrials." If this were all true, might also suggest that merely equity financed companies could exploit that structural differential. It's part of the reason I am still a tesla/musk believer, as I think this is his underlying play. Tell me more of your impregnable fortresses and unsinkable ships. I agree that the barriers you mention are real, but those are in the domain or class of solvable problems. Apps like Figure1 are a good example of how doctors are moving around this. To borrow from Nial Ferguson's new book, the big CMS/EHR players (nightingale and another one here) control the integration points and hierarchical relationships, but I think they are vulnerable to networks. So straight shorting debt play, you would need that level of resolution. If you are looking to fund disruptive startups to leverage a structural pricing disadvantage that results from incumbents costing model, which has exposure to multiplying interest rates and flat revenues, the quality of the debt doesn't so much matter. I'm imagining things like, "3d print me a small refinery," or "blimp-drop me a sawmill in shipping containers," or "rent me a seed mill on a flatbed," "build me a foldable certified meat processing plant," or "create a new tractor platform with an open multi-tool interface." etc. I've given a bit of thought to these periods and the theme in them has a few factors that indicate one general one. First factor was reading a book that changed my perspective. When I was a consultant, simply spending 5hrs reading a book on negotiation returned an additional 200k over the next 36mos. Second is the time I took all my vacation at once and spent three weeks with a teacher learning a physical skill. It gave me the confidence to level up massively in my career. Third was after taking a month long motorcycle trip across the US. I developed multiple decks and wireframes for startups I would return to and make the focus of my life today. The theme in them was interrupting the nagging chatter of my ego and its anxieties and the need for external approval, which came from unstable relationships and social media (same thing). The result was periods of pure performance where stuff comes out like you are singing it. The way I get into the zone today is to do something that pushes me past a limit of ego/anxiety resistance. Either by getting coaching and instruction, becoming absorbed in the complex ideas of a book or new area of knowledge, or physical accomplishment. There was a comment here the other day about junior and intermediate programmers completing the fist %80 of a project, then leaving the remaining %20 to the next person - who recommends chucking it and refactoring, only to complete that initial %80 again.That %80 productivity that comes from learning something new is massive, but it's not sufficient to deliver the polished %20 that makes a product. The zone for me today is bursts of staccato productivity against that last %20, with a view forward against where it will yield diminishing returns. As a manager, the very best way to wreck flow is to put choices on staff and then criticize them for the results. There is this anti-pattern (I call it a false-Socratic dialogue) where ostensibly intelligent people present their staff with choices, thinking it's educating them to "choose right," when the overall effect is to just punish them randomly for making independent decisions. The constant theme in 10x developers I have observed is that they don't internalize interruptions from others. Often this is because they miss or ignore the social cues of concern and approval that derail others flow, either because of a spectrum thing, confidence from better options, or the narcissism that helps some people succeed. The flow I develop through these other factors is related to that state in that the anxiety from uncertainty in how I relate is silenced, and I can create freely. As a result, the last 4 months on my demo have been immensely productive. Thanks! Specifically didn't mention them because the effect of activities themselves is the point. If you haven't read a book on topic-x, the first one is going to change your perspective pretty radically and put you in that iterative and open learning mode. The activity (see post history for clues;)) was about sublimating that same ego/anxiety by accepting guidance and instruction from a great teacher who had mastered something. Super productive and high achieving people tend to have absorbing hobbies for (I think) related reasons. It's not that there is a "trick," it's that there is a general effect that all those tricks produce, which is that state of creative flow that results from removing our negative self-conscious reactions. IMHO, for me that included silencing self-critical mental filters by overloading them with stimuli from things like constructive authority, physical exhaustion, and awe and excitement at a new body of knowledge. My thinking is that the things people do as flow and inspiration hacks roll up into this overall process. Really valuable. Working internationally without an undergrad degree is its own class of problem. Not having a degree in tech remains an extremely expensive (yet surprisingly reliable) counter signal for exceptional technical ability. The question of why a company should hire someone without a degree overlooks the more accurate one which is, would this person actually still be in tech if they did have a degree? There are laws and regulations in place to filter those people out, but like anything, there are exceptions to the rules. If you know any of them, they would be really, really useful. Hardly need to read the rest of an article with a headline that includes, "the Rich," as fairly clear what it's about. An acquaintance recently (2011) wrote a book about the world of art theft. ( https://www.amazon.ca/Hot-Art-Chasing-Thieves-Detectives/dp/... ) The point I remember him making was that the stolen art was often used as collateral for black market transactions, owing to the opacity of the market in general. It's an asset class like any other. Depending on what it is, it will have different liquidity, volatility, and portability properties. The notional value can be used as collateral in other transactions, with no real transparency on rehypothecation. New appraisals can mark it in support of other calculations, and you can insure it. It can be a bit of a financial black box. Also, art is and always has been a path to social mobility. Hence the parties where young people go to meet older wealthy ones. The real business of art is brokering relationships and transactions, with the art as a pretext. If you have money and fewer relationships, you can go buy art in any major city as a short cut to local society. If you want access to partners and the kind of social networks that provide opportunities for your future family, it's surprisingly accessible. Gallery owners perform a kind of social gate keeping role without a lot of the insular baggage that comes from establishment networks. These relationships and transactions are culture. The idea that someone can just make money, participate in culture by buying art, then move easily between social classes seems offensive to some people, but that's really how it works. It also provides a perfect straw man for people who go on about "the rich." It's difficult to see how a lurid view of how some people with money live (e.g. the article) improves peoples lives any more than say, porn. The idea class mobility needs some sort of moral "defense," is certainly challenging. Sure, it hollows out the ranks of the aggrieved, but that's the point. It would be funny to ask a founder who has been diluted out whether one could say the same thing about software.