Well, at the risk of providing a not very detailed answer: it's better, in my subjective opinion. Better at code introspection, better at refactorings, better at debugging. Also, I prefer the UI. Of course, you're the final arbiter of these things for yourself, so give it a short. > Allowing unrestricted Internet access. On the contrary - filtering my internet indicates that you don't consider me capable of self-regulation... I prefer being treated like a responsible adult - responsible for my great code or my slacking off, whichever I choose. I greatly value this level of respect from employers. > I realize Linux in 2013 is not so dangerous, but take a gander at recent java security bulletins when you get a chance anyway. Off the top of my head, all of the recent serious vulnerabilities were applet related. The JRE doesn't require a Java plugin for your browser, no plugin, no applets. > That can get occasionally annoying, if you drop in a a bunch of 1mb text files in your repository and it insists of examining them. You can right click the directory and mark it as excluded from the project. We have an integration test suite that likes to emit gigabytes of XML into its local directory - which IDEA happily tries to index. Excluding it saves me a lot of CPU time. > It should take a lot more than an compromised web server to gain long-term access to data feeds from LexisNexus and D&B. Especially as Dun & Bradstreet operate as a credit bureau (in my country at least). And there's also gitosis, which IIRC is considered superceded by gitolite, but it's still working well for us. > the subtle differences between fetch and pull While I agree with some of your criticisms, as the resident 'Git guy', I've found no difficulty in explaining to people that pull is a convenience alias for 'fetch followed by merge'. Git's learning curve is far worse than Python's, simply due to the limitations of its abstractions - e.g., a branch isn't really a first class entity in Git, yet most people using the centralized server model for Git will tend to think about their daily Git work in terms of branches. The problem only manifests when you're trying to do things like "show me only commits from branch ". Or, "show me when branch was created from master." Yep, that's true. I think I've nearly taught our testers the difference. :D > How I'm going to suddenly become more employable than someone with years of experience. Haven't quite figured this one out. Well, you'll be asking for lower salaries than them for a few years, so that'll help. :D > that 99 out of 100 times you are told - explicitly or by work schedule "do not do it in an interesting, performant or elegant way, just get it working somehow and move on" Sure, we're in businesses (well, most of us), and there's little room for gilding the lilly or perfectionists who can't deliver. That said, I've always found that elegant code is easier to maintain, thus reducing technical debt. If your employer doesn't want to reduce technical debt, you're either working for a start-up that's in a mad rush to 1.0, or you're working for someone who doesn't understand or care about the interest you pay on technical debt, and it may be time to move on. > I don't think I ever caught myself writing code for my employer and thinking "hey, I really enjoy this" Poor guy. I write stuff I enjoy for my employer all the time. Our fridge has free beer and cola, so best of both worlds. Teach me your one crazy discovery that makes doctors hate you. I'll also say Java - Scala's possible, but slow and fiddly (last time I tried it, you had to tree-shake the app using Proguard because the Scala stdlib has a real hard time fitting into Dalvik's hardcoded limitations of 65K ish symbols). Kotlin is a doddle to get working, but it's alpha as hell, so only use for experiments. Yep, our Maven project routinely fails to build on Windows as there are some paths which are just too long. > However knowledge of pointers, lists and b-trees have been very helpful multiple times throughout my career. Indeed. And such glorious moments they are when choosing the right data structure drastically improves performance. However, if I were interviewing for a Rails developer position, the last thing I'd anticipate having to bone up on is algorithms and data-structures. I'd be expecting to be asked about... well, doing stuff in Ruby on Rails. Thank God you know how to implement a linked list though, shopping carts are filled with linked lists. > Java is a piece of crap when it comes to anything that's actually complex. Define complex? Anecdotal, but I noticed a distinct drop-off in my local user groups, Java and .NET, when Stackoverflow started getting popular. > Yes, globalization has serious downsides – but only because it happens with nations still existing So... A) What do you propose in lieu of nations B) How does your proposal in (A) fix the issue of disparate living costs across the globe? It costs less to hire an Indian developer than it does to hire an Australian developer than it does to hire a German developer. When we abolish nations, how will this be resolved? > Jagged, unfiled nails are viewed by women (accurately) as a major sign of sexual inexperience/ineptitude... Holy sweeping generalisation Batman. However, as I'm not even one woman, let alone all women, I won't speak on their behalf. > Jobs can easily head towards the cheapest, least regulated economy, but workers are prevented both legally and economically from moving towards the places with the best working conditions. Ah, the ideal of perfect labour mobility. Even if we did remove the legal and economic restrictions, we still can't achieve perfect labour mobility without breaking down a person's social ties to family, friends and community. Although some neoliberals have put a lot of effort into doing so. > And when workers in these countries do manage to achieve a modest increase in working conditions and therefore wages, the employers can simply pack up shop and head to the next cheap market. It's true, just as "Made in Japan" and "Made in Taiwan" were once considered how "Made in China" is today. And now we see the rising wages in China triggering manufacturers moving to Indonesia and the Philippines. In this regard at least, the globalisation of manufacturing is a force for good. I presume that they'll run out of countries to move to eventually. I was wondering if he was a New Zealander, in Canterbury we have a very characterful foehn wind we call the nor'wester. Its associated arch of cloud is called the nor'west arch. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nor'west_arch We're not exactly imaginative with names around here. The more pernicious senior engineer is one who can code their way out of a box in an interview, but cannot deliver working code in a production environment due to various reasons - perfectionism seems to be a common thread to not delivering in my (limited) experience. Do you have any pointers on weeding these candidates out? Our country's employment laws make it hard to fire net negative producing programmers.