> Just the fact "grind Leet Code" is a recommendation to someone who's most recent job title was CTO and has written two books may be a sign these interviews are broken. Well, I'm sorry you have to go through the same ropes that we peasants do, you highness. > I'm just curious what you're expecting to have changed since the last time a post like this was made (you did say "every time I see..." so you've certainly seen many). Hire me inflated ego without any tests, of course. God forbids I have to do anything to get a job that will put me in a bracket of earning more than 99.99% people in this world. And you have a source to something? Or just a usual Wundowz 8 bed? There are plenty of companies with low hiring bar. What an amazing architecture. Shows just how ugly and deplorable modern architecture is. > DS/A don't actually translate to a real-world bar. It's more parallel to "have you been to and passed college?" which is probably not what you want. Any study that can confirm that? [flagged] > Are they just trying to virtue signal and act woke? Yes. > Yes, is signalling your virtues and acting .. "aware of what is going on, or well-informed, especially in racial and other social justice issues"... bad? If it harms others, then yes. Just yesterday I read about lawsuit where white male was fired to hire two females. Which is a direct consequence of diversity virtue signaling. I worked for both, you're wrong. The difference between fintech and traditional banks is that former treats tech as revenue driver and latter as cost center and it feels in literally every step. Crypto is not financial innovation. > There are entire classes of financial instruments in use today that could not exist in the tradfi ecosystem. Such as? > Cities often don't have one specific point in the center (America's zoning is absolutely horrendous and forces this to happen) and so businesses, restaurants, shopping, activities, and so on are fairly equally spread across towns. That is absolutely not true. There's a reason why it is called center in the first place. Amsterdam, for example is completely flooded by tourists in the center and not so much outside of it. > In Japan, supply and demand meet, and a new 3 bedroom house in Tokyo is like 400K USD [edited for current data] - right around the cost of construction. Uh uh, apartment, not a house. There's a huge difference. > No principle says everyone should be able to live in San Francisco. This. I don't understand why people think that it's their fundamental right to live somewhere where they want. What does this has to do with my message? If there's a place - sure, join. But it's not your fundamental right to move everyone because you want to be there. > are much more willing to accept apartments. That's the problem. Apartment is inhumane by default. No privacy, no private space. They shouldn't accept them. Own as in own a garage, I wouldn't want to live there though. I don't want to hear my neighbors music, kids, party, someone having sex. I don't want to participate in group meetings. I don't want to deal with flooded ceiling or looking at another apartments when I look out of the window. I don't want to hear that me and my wife are walking to loud when we've just arrived from work. That's just off the top of my head. > I've found this technique to be extremely successful. That's just survivorship bias waiting to explode. Also, they're successful by some arbitrary metric that is applicable only to your company. The is heavily biased to people who did X. Why are you so upset that somebody considers themselves smarter than you? Serious question. > Because the most common say to day issue is needing to think of an algorithm on the spot... Are you trolling? Everything that you do as an engineer is coming up with an algorithm. Algorithm is how you solve a problem, how you think about constraints and requirements. There's glue code, but nobody wants to work with people only capable of doing glue code. When was the last time somebody asked you to implement some text book algorithm? All the FAANG interviews I had were about some leetcode problem where you had to be familiar and use some algorithm, not write it from scratch.