Doing an employee transfer to Canada is like playing a lotterey. My past employers had documents returned to them 4 times in a row for: 1. assumed type (s vs z); 2. unclear signature; 3. ESDC called them, but they missed the call; 4. person's passport was about to expire. The regulations never mentioned anything about this. The other interesting thing was omnipresent FTTT, even in rotting, century old barracks Most of business schools are a graveyards for talent IMNHO. I've heard many comments that are confirmed by my own experience that bright people enter business schools to spent few years of their life to learn very few useful skill, most of which can be learned in a month by reading "... for Dummies" style book. www.vansky.com =D But better fly to Shenzhen and go network around during property sale evenents It will be hard. Zurich only issued 17000 long term work permits last year as I remember. Most of that goes to science talent in big mncs like Ciba From my own experience, I tell you that you must. Work for a failed start-up is a black mark on a resume. It is better to quit and portray your work there as a short-term gig Another opportunity is Fribourg. IT companies there were historically more open to Eastern Europeans, but you should expect them to be high-tier outsourcing shops. Fiy, i recently came upon this company http://m.imgur.com/Hv9n7fk,55JgdgK that wants to sell ETH to Chinese. I checked the company registry, and found out that the guy has registered a proprietorship back in 2013. Apparently a friend of Vitalik >CockroachBD What a name NLP in Russian stands for "NeuroLinguistic Programming" (of gullible masses, of course) I began my career in a company called Yamin in Singapore that had a refurbished electronics business. At first, I was shocked that Americans can throw away 1 year old and even half year old goods in the dumpster. In 2.5, years time I managed to make enought money of my commission selling refurbished cellphones to Russia through Alibaba to move to Canada and enrol into college. I believe it was Apple who pressured Alibaba to prohibit listing of wholesale refurbished electronics. It would've been too unsetting for Apple's images as a luxury brand to let people realize that somebody remarkets truckloads of used ifones from dumpsters every day. Refurbished iPhones were a killer business: 1. A less than a year old phone with a defect (dumped by end users, Honhai, Apple's QC contractors) was sold for 20 to 30 USD; 2. Re-equiping a phone without charger, driver disk, or retail box did costs less than one dollar; 3. "Out-of-dumpster" phones, cleaned, and sorted by the level of "brokennes" were sold wholesale for around $50-60 USD a kilogramm; 4. "Recovered" ifones (bought out by recyclers from end users) were sold from 50 to 200 USD depending on level of wear; 5. A "full-service" that includes change of all external casing parts to new, non-original ones, reflashing, new battery, resoldered clean ports, new memory chip for phones with failing or degraded NAND flash, and bubble-wrap packaging did cost around 10 to 15 USD for small quantity orders; 6. A phone refitted to market grade A2 (identical to a phone from assembly line with less than 3 non-original parts) can be sold for up to $300 a piece. Things that The West can learn from The East: Russia/Eastern Europe: 1. Free-for-all, mixed zoning. You own the land, build whatever you want as long as it's not a munitions factory (Most of Russia, Kazakhstan) 2. Market driven, privatized public transit (Most of Eastern Europe) 3. Small city blocks that let throught traffic. 4. Market controlled access to distric heating/cooling (Yakutsk an extreme example of privatized district level utilities) 5. Higher standards for building's energy efficiency (adopted across the former Soviet block) 6. Learn how to build decent "serially produced" housing for cheap (Ekaterinburg) 7. More traffic light controlled "turn right on red" signals - an easy way to increase traffic thoughtput by double digits (former Soviet block countries) Asia: 1. learn how to build cities that are dense, but still livable (Hongkong, Singapore, Macau, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tokyo) 2. Better construction technology and materials. MgO board, light/cellular concretes, thermal stops in slabs, automated, computerized armature prefabrication, etc (Most of People Republic if China, South Korea, Russian Far East) 3. Bus rapid transit, and how to make cheap public transport really work (Guangzhou) 4. Traffic laws that are two-wheeler friendly (Taipei, whole of Japan) 5. Public daycare and early primary education (Tokyo) 6. "Public housing for regular people" (Hongkong, Singapore) 7. Incentivize people to buy smaller cars, or use transit (Tokyo) 8. Double deck, or multi leve streets (Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chicago) >Engineering a full city from the group up sounds good but the majority of the people using the city are, well, people. People change Astana is a good example of this type of a designer city Green arrow is an additional traffic light signal that lets right turn on red. It is usually computer controlled in big Russian cities The problem is this slows the traffic in urban areas. A simple radar controlled signal solves this When the armature for the building is being prefabricated with a milimetre level precision by a CNC metalworking machine, and than assembled on site like lego. This is to minimize the amount of on-site metalwork Moscow, "a success city"... =D And yes, it is an SUV His cofounder is better to hire a good CFPA attorney before it's too late. Microsoft caters more to business and OEMs than to anythybody else. Consumer market is largely irrelevant to them. Why you sell your stuff this way, you need a good salesman. Yes, Microsoft is "uncool", but it doesn't matter to them Facebook.com, talk.google.com. A well engineered messaging protocol. I also believe it's used by automatic toll collection machines. Meizu and Bubugao roll updates weekly We need nuclear desalination and district heating